when a person has no experience on a job their is always going to be good people to help you and try to explane the job you need to get done in life you were not born with knowing everything. Life is bassicly about learing new things every single day even though without experience because life is simple and we must live happy and around with the people we love. When a person thinks they know everything in life they dont do good because they trying to make the other person less then others you must be kind to those the dont have experience because you may not know some day you will go to a different country. When you dont know anyting because you not from their so you going to need help from others to explain you about the culture or how to eat a food because you have to no experience on the new country. You must help a person the has no experience because maybe you may need help from the person the you didnt want to help.

yes, even thought you may not have experience in the type of job you seek,you can learn and teach others.

If you dont have experence in a restaurant for the job you seek for you will learn. For example a person the has no experence working in a restaurant,the only place they will offer you would be to be a diswasher. But you want to dream big because everytime a person has big dreams they can learn the job whereever, you want to be like a cooking person or a kitchen manager. In a job there is always going to be people the they dont want to see you in a better place because they may think you dont deserve to be there but you the only one the knows how hard you being working to achieve your dream .In life you always going to have proof without experience to see how good you are to learn a new job in the kitchen so if you can learn quick. They can give you a good place for you teach others the has no experience.

My dad has always talk with my cousins that when their is no experience you can always learn and fight for what you want. When my cosuin came to America he wanted to play travel soccer, he went to tryout but the coach told him the has any experience of talking english so he wouldn't make it. But later on he learn how to speak then, he went to tryout for fc virginia he made it also everyone was talking about him because hes a great soccer player also, hes a great person. Then he came to the house and thanks my dad because of the edvice he gave to him the even though you dont have experience,you can always learn and fight for you goals. My dad is man the wants the best for hes family because when he was a kid he wanted to be a loyer but it was hard for hes parents because they were really poor and the corruption was really bad in the country.

In every job their is always going to be a person with no experience. For example people with no experience those are the ones the learn the job and when they learn the job very well they always try not to make a mistake because thay want to get the job done with quality. Because everytime you do a job for someone else they want to see good quality on you before they give the kind of job they want you to get done for them. The people the has no experience in a job that doesnt make them a less person because we all are humans and we must have the same equal rights. we all know the everytime you aplied for a job the first thing they asked you is about if you have experience but its okay to say no because they can teach you and you can get it fast.

I think yes, you can be a good candidate to be hire without no experience because every person in the world needs to have a opportunity to try something new. People today in life they dont need to have experience to go find a job why because today in every work you get one week of train which people can learn the job just in one week. Because they will practice the job and every time they get practice they will going to get better and better. Practices makes everything better so dont be scared to applied for job only because it says you must have experience no just go believe in youself. If you believe in you everything will be good in like ad you will be going great just be you even though you have experience or not we all deserve a chance.