Do you think students would benefit from being able attend classes from home?

Yes! its benefit for student who attend classes from home. Because some student want to attend classes from home because they thinks it's very important for them . And they think they can learned fast, and understand than they student who attend classes from school. For example my friend told me that she's attand classes from home it's good for her, because they is some subject she didn't understand when she attend classes from school but when she attend the home classes she good for that subject. she like science she think science its important for her but she didn't understand anything any science but she understand science because she attend classes from home. And some parent doesn't want they are children to attend classes from school, because many christian doesn't want they are children to attend to classes from school because they doesn't believe science and they want they are children to be disrespectful for teacher or for them. Maybe student can deciding to attend classes from home because it's benefit for them and it's good for the people who have lot of money. It's not any people who can attend classes from home.

some student attend classes from home because they hate bull or trouble. because they is student who come to school to bull other student or to fight with other. I know they is some people who scared about fight or bull by someone. For example the was a girl who attend very day to school and they was three girl they bull and beat her everyday and try to kill her self because she think she doesn't have anyone who can fight for her and when her parent sigh her want to kill herself, immediately they stop her, and they say they can not let they children to go back for school and they think every school it's like that school. so that why attand class from home it's good sometime. They are student who attend classes from home for the reason because to provide the experience and to show that they can try to learned themselves. In order to achieve anything at all in life a attend classes from home would must being take a deciding whether. 