I am agree with this statement that positive attitude is the key to success in life because if you have a positive attitude everything around you is more easy because you are a positive person.

One of the key word is determination when someone have a positive attitude have the potential to make the goals real, if you want, you can do. You can inspired other person that maybe have problems in the school or in another place or maybe in the life, but you need to have determination and positive attitude for help at other person. Everything that you want is possible if you try, if you never try, you never know what is you potential, what you can achieve.

Never give up, a person that have a positive attitude have a positive mind, doesn't matter if have many problems never give up. In you mouth the word "i can't " not exist the all because everything depend on you. When you start something if you have a positive attitude you can't see back, because your eyes need to see only in front of you goal. You can make your dreams possible if you have a positive attitude and you never give up.

One day my pastor told me "you are the young leader, you need to preach", the immediately i say no pastor i can't, my pastor told me, you need to have a positive attitude you are a daughter of God, you need to delete the word "i can't " of you mind, God give the potential to achieve the things that you want, no one born with a negative mind, if you never try you always has to say "oh sorry i can't", and this inspire me to do. Now i preach every Thursday and Friday sometimes on Sunday, every time that i feel nervous i remember, i am a daughter of God, i am young leader, i can't have a negative attitude always with a positive attitude, i can do everything that i want because God help me every time.

Happiness, when you have a positive attitude your life is more easy, more happy, you body have less stress, you health is much better, and you mind is better to because you not think in bad things, you are not a negative person this mean that you not have a depression, you have less problems.

With positive attitude the people around you are more confident with you because you are a positive person, a positive friend that when something is wrong you say does't matter everything will be fine, is the thing the people around you are more happy with you.

You need to have a positive attitude, determination, to try and have the courage to over come the obstacle in front of you, never give up if you want you can do, make your dreams real, you have the potential to make everything possible try never give up, everything that you make you need positive attitude, If this is you Senior Year, you can do with good grades only try to do the best year, make the people around you confident with you, make you life easy, happy with out sadness, you are great person when you have positive attitude. You can do everything that you want, all you goals, you are the only person that have the potential to delete the obstacles in front of you. 