Have you ever went camping before? If not, where have you been camping is the most adventurous thing in the world. Because it will be a new world to you, you will also see a lot of nature and animals that you think they were only on movies but no they are real! And another reasons is that it will also make you closer to your family, you can do fun things, and also camping can teach you a big lesson.

First of all, have you ever went to camping with your family where there was no internet at all? If yes, I assume that you went crazy because you can't live without your phone. But think for a moment, does a phone matters more than spending time with your love ones?

If you say "yes" let me tell you that you are really wrong because spending time with your family or friends is really valuable. Because a family trip is meant to communicate with each other, to do fun things,and to help each other. For example, you can help each other by trying to pull up a tent or to make fire. Even tho none of you can't, but still it will be a funny moment to look how each one of yall try to make it work.

Second, camping can teach you a big lesson throughout the time you spend there. Because it can make you think that living on the woods is not easy. Because you have to make your own place to stay, you have to make fire to keep you warm, and there is no electricity to communicate with someone. This things make you think that a lot of people around the worlds have to live in this conditions.

Finally, you will make a lot of fun things. For example, you can go exploring into the woods to look for some edible food. Or you can look for animals such as a bunny, raccoon, or a big brown bear if you are a risky person.

After that fun and risky mission, you can gather with your family in a big circle. To tell scary stories that will make all your little hairs stand up. Or if they dont like scary stories they can tell things about all the happy moment they went through. And if you want to add more happiness to the moment you can join two cookies,marshmallows, and a delicious chocolate. That sound good right?

If you have never been camping before, I think you should give it a chance. Because camping will give you one of the best memories with you and your family. It will also show you further more into the woods. And it will show you the reality of camping. And also because I am sure you will like to eat a chocolaty marshmallow cookie. Right?