One topic that is frequently debated today is school districts offering programs that allow students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Some people see this program as a new and more sophisticated way of graduating from high school. They feel that this program can give students the step up in life to be prepare for a new world outside of high school and that it will give them the advantage of time to plan the career they wanna study. I believe, students should graduate from high school in three years instead of the traditional four years because it will give them more time to plan for future careers, the program makes you challenge your self in case there is a similar case in the future, and once you get done with the three year program you would not have to worry about all the stress.

One reason why students should consider graduating in three years is the time advantage. Believe it or not, planing what career you wanna study takes a long time, it is not like you pick any career and that is it, no, first you gotta find out the cost of the whole career, then you are going to find a school that is best known for the highest number of students graduating from the same career and so on, one year is a lot of time but it depends on the student to take advantage of it. If you dont have the funds to go to a university or a college this time advantage can give you the opportunity to be able to work for one year and save up all the money to continue with your learning path. There is a bunch of other options on what to do with this period of time for example, if you decide that you are not going to college because you dont think you will do good, you always have the option to join the work force.

Second reason why students should graduate in three years is because in order to graduate in three years students will need to challenge them selves. When we talk about the program challenging students I refer to all the extra courses a student will need to take either in the summer or evenings after high school in order to graduate in three years, in some cases students are not able to take elective courses. Every hard decision requires a will and in this case is the will to obtain a certificate showing that you overcame every obstacle in life. Having all this challenges helps you start preparing your mind for the new phase of your life. Life outside of high school is not easy as American movies picture it, every body starts from scratch and only the smartest and hard workers will succeed.

The third and last reason to graduate from high school in three years is that once you get done with the three years program, you will not have to worry about the stress that high schools gives you. Stress is a big problem nowadays to kids in the ages from 14 to 20 causing them to commit actions that they would regret in the future, for example, dropping out of high school, according to a social experiment made by the university of Virginia, 2 out of 10 students drop out every year.

As you have read, its better for a student to graduate in a three years term instead of the four traditional years because this would have a maximum effect on the student future and it will help the student prepare for the new world. Only when we understand the importance of learning will we overcome whats keeping us down.                          