Philosopher, physician, and humanitarian Albert Schweitzer once said " Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing". I strongly agree, imagine you being the reason why a person decided to make a remarkable change in there life just by following your footsteps, imagine how that would make you feel. Setting a good example everyday is one of the most important things you can do in life; you dont know who is watching you, and you dont know who is getting an impact from your good ways. People watch others every move and learn new and better things as time goes so they can also turn out to influence others. Consider yourself as a leader being able to influence people is a leadership movement, everyone needs someone to help them and guide them through things they may not tell you, but they'll watch your examples and learn.

Many may think that there are better ways unlike setting an example by your behavior is the best way to influence others; but little do they know that setting an example by your behavior is the best way to influence others. Setting good examples is helpful in so many ways however; there are other ways to influence others. People get influenced on anything these days, just sitting around and watching TV can influence you to do something. But think about it would you rather have someone set examples for you, and have someone you can watch to motivate you and guide you; or would you rather sit around and procrastinate on time?. As the influencer having people look up to you and following the way you move is a big deal. For example when surgical interns first go to a hospital to work they look up to their head surgeons. The head surgeons set examples for the interns because they want them to be successful, the intern watching the head surgeon during operations and check ups influences and motivates them to do better and be better. Even for school students thats how they all learn from examples the teachers show them, it influences the students to try so they can also be good at what their teaching is teaching them.

Some people may prefer to get influenced in another way because they may not want someone by them step by step they may be more independent and like to be on there own. Having good behavior benefits you in a lot of ways, you will get a lot of opportunities, help and inspire a lot of people and gain a lot. For example parents have a good influence on there kids. They are the reason why there kids wake up and try every day, seeing your parents have a good and positive behavior will motivate and influence you to do better. As you go on with good behavior people will see you and begin to know that there is something your doing to be happy. You will have people come around you because of your vibe and good energy. Once they start talking to you you automatically begin to influence them to be a better person. Knowing that you are a motivator and an influence onto others is a good feeling. You will know that your good work and good behavior has a good effect strong enough to influence others in the best way possible.

Overall setting a good example by your behavior is the best way to influence others, they learn better, feel comfortable and get to experience a lot. Having someone look up to you as a good influence will help you both because it will make you both feel great and you both will benefit from it in the long run. We have people around us for a reason, if you have someone that is willing to help you and influence you to be better in life take the chance because it will be a great experience and you will change as a person once you get influenced in the right way by the right people in life.