The world is a big place, it is full of lots of things. A average person is always moving around or just sitting down. People love to do fun activities like ,soccer ,baseball,swimming,running,but some people like to do nothing and just stay indoors. People like to relax and get there stress out by going to the,gym or hitting a punching bag. The world is big, you can decide to enjoy it

, or just stay at home all day.

I feel like lots of people are always doing something either ,playing,working or just watching TV.Most of the time people are usually active because they are working, or doing a activities. It is popular to move around because you are always learning new things, and doing new things. More and more people are learning new things by moving around the world and joining activities.

People that travel around the world learn new things like ,animals,food,culture and other things. It is good to move around because you understand the world more,and you learn how the world works. Many people like to have gardens in there homes, they have to be active because they have to water, and kill weeds. Being active is good because you are moving and burning collieries while you are moving. Thats why its good to stay active because you learn new things, and your burning collieries .

If a human is more active the person will have the power to create more things like, boats plains,motorcycle and more because the person has intelligence,by being active and going around the world to study. A person has more ideas if they move around because, they get to see other things that give them ideas about what they are creating. Humans create different things each day,thats why its good to be active and move around to create new technology for us humans. Humans are creating new thing each day by intelligence,and by being active.

A human can see more of the world if they are active. Because they are active, and traveling the world,Their are many people who travel the world to seek new thing from the world, and more facts. I think by being active a human can accomplish more things, because they are learning new things. Another reason a human will accomplish more is because they are actively learning new thing by walking around. And the human will be more experienced they have traveled and learned new things.

when people are active they learn new things, and they are creating more ideas for the future. And if a person is active and walking around they will also be burning calories .When a person is more active they see new thing like, animals and the nature. If a person loves to travel than they are being active and learning ideas. when a person is active they will do all of they above and will accomplish lots of things.                           