Most schools let students use their cell phones during class for educational purposes, however, other schools don't think that allowing students to use their cell phones would be better than using computers in the library or computer labs, by allowing students to use their phones there will be a higher chance for them to get distracted doing what they are not supposed to intead of doing their assignments. Students should not be aloud to use their phones during class because students would pay more attention to their phones than their teachers.

Some teachers would rather take their students to the library or to a computer lab to use the computers to do assignments, instead of letting them use their phones because students would not get their work done. For example in my school we used to have the school WIFI on our phones but that only made us get distracted so my school decided to take down the WIFI from our phones, this year we were given chromebooks so we can do our class works in class without having to go to the library or a computer lab. We can take our chromebooks in any class to do our assignments and it's made a huge impact on every student because now no one is ever on their phones, and we pay more attention to our teachers.

By letting students use their cell phones during class will increase the chances for them to get distracted, for example one day my english teacher gave us a reaserch paper and told us that we could use our cell phones to search up important documents, while we were doing our work one of my classmates' phone went off because she got a snapchat notification and everyone got distracted, the next day everyone was using their phones in class and no one was doing the work that we were assigned to do. Students should not be aloud to use their phones during class because it will not benefit them, this would be a distraction to not only students but teachers as well.

If schools let students use their phones there also will be a higher chance that students' grades will drop, and a lot of parents would not be pleased. My parents would get extremely mad if my school let us use our cell phones during class because they know I would easily get distracted, if we were aloud to use our phones the whole school would be a disaster. Teachers would not be happy with the idea of letting students use their phones, because every teacher wants the whole class' attention on them not their cellular devices. Some students and schools might think that letting students use their phones would be a great idea because it could probably benefit those students who might not have a computer at home, and maybe letting them use their cell phones during class to do their assigments would help them, but that doesn't mean that every student has to use their phones too.

Schools should not let students use their phones for educational purposes because it would be a big distraction for students and teachers. By allowing us students to use our cell phones it's only increasing our chances to get distracted and it would make our grades drop. If we were aloud to use our cell phones during school we would not pay attention to our teachers and we would never get our work done. Us students should not be aloud to use our cell phones during school because it will not benefit us, it will only make us distracted. Teachers and parents would not be pleased if schools let students use their cell phones during class, we're teenagers and we get distracted very easily.       