Each and individual person in this world are different.

They have their own choices. I think as a independent person, people should make their own decisions about life's important matters. It defines that, they will not be dependent on anyone. This is highly recommend because, people know their self better, they will learn from their mistakes, also listening to their self won't make them putting blames on anyone.

Firstly, people know their self better than anyone else does in this world. For example, as a human, we have to face so many dramas in every single days of our lives. Sometimes it does defend us, sometimes it doesn't. Yet, no matter what happens, we have to act like everything is fine, because we don't want anyone to get hurt from our behavior. Therefore, people don't recognize who we really are or what's behind the mask. Thus, I don't think anyone should take decisions of our life's important matters from their point of view; because we know what we really are, what we likes to do or what goes with our characteristic, but not the world knows about it.

Secondly, when people choose their own decision and it doesn't come out right or success; then they will learn from their mistakes. For instance, since I'm a junior ( eleventh grader) at Generic_School , I have to start thinking about my life plans after graduation. I was interviewing some seniors and some of my older cousins, to know what they were doing and taking ideas from them, so that I can make my own decisions. Most of them were saying that, they choose four years of university; and it's actually fun. You get to talk to your professors, also getting extra experienced of living in a dorm and sharing bedrooms with others. Moreover, experienced others life styles, cultures and religious events.

In summery, total four year of college is like learning about diversity. So, I was thinking about doing four years of University as well, instead of doing two years of community college and two years of University. On the other hand , I don't have enough money to pay off my education fees nor I have got any scholarship because of my living status style.

Then I noticed, that others style of living is different than mine. In addition, on my diploma they won't say that, if I did two years of community college then transfer to another university. Finally, I changed my decision and learned from my mistakes that everyone's power are different and I just have to choose what goes with my luck. Copying others and listening to them will not help peoples future and will be harmful for them self. So,believe in your self and just do what your is right.

Lastly, listening to your self will not make you blaming others. Like, let's say, I will listen what my friends tell me to do after my eighteenth birthday; and her decision is not to live with my family anymore. She thinks I'm an adult now. I have a job,or I can do my own things. She knows that's my weak point, because my family is my supporters and we have a dream that no matter what happen we will live together and never break our bonds. However, the way she convince me, I was this close to choose her path and leave my dream in the back. Later on I realize, what if I leave and hurt my parents; does karma will not come back to me?? Never, karma always hits you back. If I hurt my parents today,then in the future my kids will hurt me back. It could not be the same topic. However, it could be something different but will be related to my weak points too.

In conclusion, I didn't put so much importance what she said and just pay attention to my heart. And at the end of the day, nobody was there to blame me neither I was waiting for to blame anyone.

To conclude, making own decision is important because, people know their self better, they will learn from their mistakes, also listening to their self won't make them putting blames on anyone. People should be independent , because sometimes others decisions become really harmful for the person and make a big mess in someones life. So,be a person who knows what to do, never looks back and learn from their every steps of their decision. 