Scientist Albert Einstein once said, "Imagination is more important than knowledge." Now imagine yourself as a beginning engineer, sitting at your desk, aggravated because you can't come up with a new invention. All you have around you are textbooks but no image or thought of what your invention may be. If only you could imagine a new invention of some sort then maybe you could build something. But with no imagination, how can you build knowledge? I agree with Einstein's quote. I believe imagination is more important than knowledge.

I agree with Einstein's quote because having imagination is how we've had all our inventions yet. Without imagination how were many of the things we own invented? For example, the telephone. The telephone couldn't have been invented without someone imagining a device where you could communicate without leaving your home. You need imagination in order to make new things. Another example would be the camera. Whoever invented it, had to have imagination in order to think of a device that captures any moment almost in an instant. Even I, as a student, need imagination in order to make new things. For example, when making an essay, such as this one, I need to imagine of a good story hook that goes along with the prompt.

Furthermore, I believe in Einstein quote because without imagination, knowledge is almost useless. For example, when learning a new vocabulary list. You may know all the definitions but you can't put them in your own words or use the words in different instances. Why? Because you can't imagine it. You can't picture it, you just know the definitions. Another example is when reading a book. Knowing how to read isn't even near of what you need to fully comprehend a book. You need to imagine it. Picture the story in your mind in order to fully understand the book's theme, setting and tone.

Lastly, I agree in Einstein's quote because without imagination, all our decisions would be made carelessly. For instance, before you speak or move, most of the time you imagine what the outcome of that action will be. If not, the outcome won't be for the better. Another instance is when in an experiment, you hypothesize what the result of the experiment will be. That takes imagination. When signing a contract, it's needed to imagine the consequences of signing and not signing the contract. In other words, you need to imagine things before you decide to take them on. Knowledge isn't the only thing that will help you when making decisions.

In conclusion, Einstein's quote is correct in my perspective. Knowledge isn't the most important factor to have, imagination is key to everything you do and will do. You can't fully understand most things without imagining them. Can't go on inventing things before imagining them first. Also, you won't be able to make good decisions before imagining the outcome. All in all, imagination is also how you'll enjoy your life. Knowledge is great and all but it can't bring others as much happiness as imagination can. It's how we've been happy for all these years. Imagination is how we have gone so far in this world and how much we've survived.                 