Technology allows people to complete many task without having contact with others.

For example, technology helps us get done with things that have many task.

One can do everything at the confort of home.

It can also help us to know more of someone elses culture taht we have never known.

First, technology helps us to get task done in many ways.

One way, for example, is the fact of the process of making a book.

Instead of hand writing one book and tryhing to make more copies all by hand.

One can just simply type one copy and copy more on the computer and a machine called a printer, the printer can make all the copys you need for you, instead of making the copies yourself and taking you a very long time to make them.

Next, one doesn't have to go anywhere to buy what they want.

One can so it at the confort of one's home.

Like online shopping, it's very helpful, and also online delivery.

Today is so much easier to get the stuff you wanted, exactly as one wants it to be.

Another way of helping is food ordering.

Now all one has to go is get on the app, get the fiid you want and someone will come and deliver it to you at your door steps.

So you don't have to leave your house ever.

Lastly, technology can help us do more, like discovering thing we never knew.

Like some culture and what they do or believe in.

Discovering and knowing about them and their culture can be an amazing experience.

One might even go to that place to get that full experience it, or buy the things that they use.

All this is because of the technology that has help you discover this.

Some people might argue differently.

For example, they might say that being to much time on the technology can waste perecious time away when you can do something productive at that time.

Well if you think about it taht could be another way technology can help us with.

It can help us with time managment.

To manage the time we use and make us more responsibles of what we do with that technology.

In conclustion, there is so many ways that technology can help us with.

Like discovering new cultures, doing things like shopping and ordering food at the confort of our home, and helping us accomplish or complete many task quickly and efficiently.

So what I believe in is that technology has a positive effect on peoples lives.