Mastering, something you've always tried to master can be difficult. Grow and be someone big in the world that mastered somethig difficult but easy to learn. You should alwyas try to do stuff out of your comfort zone and you can master anything you put your mind to do. Whatever helped you in the past to master something , you should try and use that method again. Always have faith and believe that you can master it and do it anytime.

First, I've always done something out of my comfort zone to master something. I did sommething like skydiving just to master myself on how to play a clarinet with no hesitation. Mastering how to play a clarinet took me time and time but doing stuff like roller coaster's and playing other insturments helped me a lot. Once I tried other things beyond what I do helped a lot. I grew on playing the keys the motions on the clarinet right after I did all those crazy things I thought I'd ever do. I became a good player after I did all those crazy things I was fearful of once and it helped I may have screamed my lungs out but it helped me grow.

In addition, always try to use methods that have helped you in the past to accomplish your goal. If you try those things they can actually help , if you give up you'll never get it and fail. Always retry and retry till you can actually do it and succeed. Try scarier things worse then what you are tryings to accomplish because believe me I did everything I could to master. Once you put your mind on doing it you'll do it and be better then everyone else.

Lastly, my grandfather always said " sweetie have faith in what you want to master and believe in yourself because sweetie you can do anything you want! I always said to myself Generic_Name, you can do it your not a failure and you won't give up. Mastering something shouldn't be your main focus but with or without anyone's help you can do it and master. You can be the best person in the world to master that one thing. I tried harder and harder stuff to master my goal and after all i accomplished it and became the best clarinet player ever.

In conclusion, yes I agree that you should try things beyond what you actually want to master. You will never grow and succeed if you don't put your mind to it. Personally, doing all those scary things helped me a lot and I rhing people should try to do those things. And always keep in mind without faith and believing in yourself you'll never accomplish the stuff you want to master. Never give up and always try your best to pass and be the best. Never be a quiter and master whatever you want to master.  