Should school extend day two hours, to conserve energy and resources, as some businesses have adopted a four-day work weeks? I disagree that my school should follow this model and extend per day two hours. Because the students will have less time to spend with their family in weeks days, students will have less time to do homework at home and the students will have less time or not have time to do school activities.

Students will have less time to spend with their family in week days. Most of the students share time with their family, it's important for them, because their parents have teach them the value of family and that family is fundamental in life for every human. I as a student I will love to have time to go to visit my grandmother. She is living with my aunt. She is vising us this days in United States, and I will treasurer those good moments with her talking about my country, old friends, and my others siblings that I miss a lot because they live in El Salvador. If school extend day two hours, I will not have the time to go see her and have good moments and good talks. She will live soon to El Salvador. I will be to late from school and my mom come to home late from work. She can't take me to see my grandmom, and I work on weekends days because my sister and I, we just live with my mom and with not receive help from our dads. So I have to help my mom with bills. In addition the students will not have time to do their homework.

Homework are important in a students life, to have good grade and practice what you learn from the class each day. If the students come to home late they will not have enough time to do the homework. The students come to home and they have to eat, rest they body and mind. Me for example I have to get home, get comfortable with my clothes, I have to cook for my sister and I and then help my mom with some stuff at home. I rest a little bit because I'm tired. I'm in my senior year and I have a lot of work to do and think about college or what I'm going to do after high school, so my body and my mind is tired and stressful. After I have to do my homework and it's already late it's time to go to bed. It's really difficult for the students if the school follow the four-days weeks.

Also the students will have less time to do activities at school. Every school want that the students get involved in sports, clubs and stay after school for tutorial in class that they have been having difficulty. The majority of students in Generic_School are athletics. They love to play their favorite sports. If school extend day two hours would be so late for this athletics to play what they love to play. Not will be time to practice or maybe there will be but will not have the enough time to practice as my grandmother say "the practice make the teacher". It's something that our Latin grandmother say that means, if never practices or if we just practice a little bit we will never be good in what with love to do, or what we want to be in our future. In addition some parents don't like that their children been in the streets to late at night. because school ends two hours more late so the practices will start more late and will ends to late basically the students will be at home at night. Most of the famous athletics become famous at high school because sponsor come and watch them to play if they see that this athletic is good they will sponsor this athletic. To an athletic learn and become good in his favorite sport he have to practices and play this sport. With the short time after school will be impossible for those students practices, do homework and have time to rest, and time to enjoy they young life.

Therefore other may say that the school should follow the four-day week because they have more time to learn in class and have more time in weekends to study, but they are wrong because they can have one more day to ask any questions or doubt they have about the subject and the teacher can explain more. Also most of the students work in the weekends, so they do not really have time to study because they have to work to help at home. For all this and more reason the school should not follow the four-day work week and extend day two hours.                                