Students can benefit from this option, but also can affect them in different ways. Many students have difficulty coming to school every single day. One impediment may be transportation, a lot of them do not know how to drive, so they can not drive to school. Some students live in areas where the buses can't enter. Many of them walk to get to school every day or ride a bicycle. They face many problems but the biggest one is weather. The climate can change quickly, when is raining a lot or is cold these students stay at home, because there is no way how they can get to school.

Students can benefit by not attending everyday to school. For students who live far away from school is a great option, because they safe time and also they can work during the day. As we see many students have a job after school, and this is hard for them because they have to be active in school. There is a big problem because they come tired to school, and you see them sleeping in classes. They can not be concentrate because they do not have time to sleep. Many of them do not have time to do homework, or different projects they have to complete.

It is a great option to have schools that offers distance learning. This action help many students but also can affect them. In my opinion when you attended to school everyday you can learn more. Because you have all the resources you need to understand, and complete the assignments. But students who like to work hard and take their time to studying in their houses, it can also be easy for them.

Before that there was not technology is was extremely hard. Now that the science had grown up, and the technology appear, we have a way more opportunity to do many things. One opportunity is to studying online from our houses. As I said now that we have technology, we have more opportunities and is really easy to find stuff that you need to learn in your school.

In my conclusion, I think is good for our society having those school who offers distance learning. Because many students can not be in school everyday, and this action help them to keep studying. If this program does not exist many of them could never go again to school, because of all the impediments they have to attend school, and they will never accomplish their dreams. 