I belief that is better to always keep going not matter what.

In this essays i will talk about that is better to keep it going because if you're not work somebody is going to work harder than you. come on keep it going thats what you love thats something that inspire you. Dont let other people talk that you cant do it. yes you can. keep it like that because youre going to be a better person in the future.

The first reason why i think that is more important to never give up is the future you're going to say i was not easy but i made it. in the future you will need a diploma for get a better job. I will do everything for graduated and made my family proud of me. I learn everyday for be a better person, and get what i want. I'm a person who loves the life, a person who think that keep it going is better than never give up. I learn that if you work for what you want you're going to get it no matter what the other people talk about you.

The second reason is family. I will do everything for get a better job for help my family. My family work harder everyday for give me a better life. The family is always there for you, when you need them. They will say it was hard right, but now look at you. Now you're a professional Doctor. I'm glad to have you like my daughter. My life was not easy in my country (Generic_City) but now look at me i'm here in the U.S preparing me for a better future. I'm here because i want to be what i dream in my country but i didn't because they dont let me did nothing.

The third reason is money. The money is important for buy whatever you want, but for me is important because many people in the world dont have money for buy food, clothes, for pay for the rent. When i came to the U.S i didn't have any cloths. My life was so hard because everybody was looking at me. when i went to the Middle school they did bully to me because i was no understanding what they were telling to me, was hard to understand when the teacher was speaking to me. Them i was focus to learn the language, everyday i was watching videos in English. Them i get a diploma for learned the language in 3 moths.

In conclusion, these are what i will do, for my future in some parts i tell you about my life. Those are some lessons that i learned. so please never give up keep it simple. The life is going to teach you a lot of stuff. The life is so good don't let anybody tell you what you need to do. Dont be lazy, work harder because remember somebody is going to work harder than you. Keep it like that you can do it. if you're not remember here are some parts of my lessons. 