I think that the people should make their own decesions and decide what is important for them.

Some people say that the people should seek guidance from experts and authorities. The support is that following decisions from experts and authorities can help you to have a dirrection in your life,and know what should be the most important for you. I'm disagree with that position and i have some reasons to support it.

First,the people should follow his or her own ideas and make their own decisions. The people don't think the same way as the experts,each person see the life different. The people are going to make decisions about what is important for them,for me the family is the most important for that reason every decision that i do is for them, but not necessary is the same for you. In general is that the people have different opinions that's why every person should make their own decision.

Second,The people that don't make their own decision they will not learn what is truly important in life. Every people should make their own decisions,so they can learn about it. The people who make their own decisions will learn about their mistakes(is fine if you make mistakes everybody does it) and in the future they will make the decisions in the correct way. I learn everyday about my mistakes and that's what every people should do,learn about their mistakes.

Third,You should make your own decision and decide what is important for you becuse that's a prove that you believe in yourself .If you believe in yourself you don't need any expert and also any authoritie to tell you what should be important for you.

In conclusion ,the people should make their own decision because the people don't think the same way as the experts and each person have their own opinion. The people that make their own decision will learn about their mistakes and in the future they will do it in the correct way and last that you have to believe in yourself. For this reasons, you should make your own decision about what is important for you and no what is important for somebody.

I propose,that you should believe in yourself and make your own decision and decide what is important for you in the life and also if you do something wrong learn about it and for the next time try to do it well and make the correct decision.