A Program That Benefits Both Older And Younger Students."Have you ever experienced a program that involves both older and younger students, or would the students be able to admire each other?". Older students have more experiences than the younger students, which makes it easy for them to handle problems. It also helps them to build a stronger relationship since they both come from different backgrounds. It will be easy for them to bring up ideas for a particular project because they both have different experiences. The program will help both group of students because ,they can have things like competitions, and also they can both learn from each other and also achieve the goals they have planned for that class in particularly, if they work as a team.

Firstly, such a program will benefit both older and younger students because, they can have things such as competitions. Both students will try their best and put in much effort because, either they want to be ahead of each other or they want to succeed in that program. They make sure that, they value their time and make their books their "best friend".

There is a quote that states that "Education is the key to success".

When students try to compete with others, they learn harder to attain their dreams and also to make people believe in them. Such competitions make students learn harder and also makes them successful.

Secondly,such a program will benefit both students because ,"they can both learn from each other".

For instance, if i have been paired with someone who is three years older than me to do an assignment, it makes it easier for us to complete the assignment. It is because, we are both from different backgrounds and also raised up and trained by different people. That alone will help us learn from each other because, we will not like to work with each other without getting to know ourselves. When we realize we are from different places, we will be interested in knowing a little bit about each other's background and how we do our things. Learning from each other benefits both of us, especially when we know about our likes and dislikes.

Lastly, both students benefit from such a program because, they can achieve the goals they have planned for that class particularly,if they work as a team. There is a quote i remember that says that "two heads are better than one". For example,if one person will be able to carry twenty out of fifty books then two people will be able to carry all the fifty books or even more. The students have goals and dreams they want to acquire in life. However, since they both have the same purpose they will decide to work together to help each other reach their goals.

Conclusively,both students will benefit from such a program because,

they can compete against each other and put in much effort to reach their dreams, to also learn about each other and to help each other strive for their goals. The effects of a program that helps both old and younger students to pair up and help each other has been listed in the essay above. Students can be assisted by people who are old,young,or even of a different race or gender. 