Generic_Name

My grandma, always said that being in a group gives you more things to talk about. The benefits of working a group is more beneficial because,more ideas, partisan,and some one you can talk to.

Many calm that working alone will not share your ideas with other clearly, it better working in a group have fun and to talk to others.

To begin the benefits of working in a group is more beneficial because having more ideas. For example my sister, Generic_Name she loves sharing her ideas. Each ideas they share with they classmates. They can have have a example on what there writing about and have an idea on what there talking about. For example my Mom,is A fourth grad teacher she loves seeing others sharing it means a lot to her. She partners up the kids and so she, can see on thing the can come up with. However,having more ideas well help us share ans being thoughtfully to other in life.

In addishly,the benefits of working with group is more benefice because, to pertipat in a class room. For example when i first stared middle school i didnt want ti partisan with no on. Because, i wanted to work bye my self. Later that week i made a Friend and, she intrdust me to the other class mats, we all disided to be together for this school project. Example my little brother Generic_Name ,he was shy to talk to others in the class room. I as an oldest sister, to if him they no need to be shy just talk to others and pertipat in class and get to know every one. that next day my brother was happy to with others. However,partisan is a good way to show others an example and make new friends

Finely the benefits of working in a group is more beneficial because, having some one to talk to for example my friend Generic_Name, didnt have have nothing tot talk to for example my friend Generic_Name,didnt have nothing to think of .I was helping her on some thing we can together thinks of. I as a friend was there to listened to was she had to say. Example my other friend she wasnt at school because,her Grandpa, pasted away she misted on what we were working on. So i want to show her on the thinks she missed out. It helped her a lot.

In concluss the benefits of working in a group is more beneficial because, more ideas, partisan, and some you can talk to.                    