Some schools use cell phones in the classrooms for educational purposes. In some schools teachers allow students use their cell phones for educational purposes. For example many teachers let students use their phones to use tier translator. Some students don't understand the English language so they use their cell phones to help them translate. Cell phones could really be helpful for some student's education, but many students use their cell phones for other reasons. They don't understand that some students really do need their cell phones to help with their education.

My parents are Mexicans, making me Mexican American. Which means I have trouble with my English. i grew up speaking only Spanish. Spanish was my first language. i started learning English when I started school. It was really hard for me to learn a new language. When I was in 7th grade, my teacher let me use my cell phone to help me translate some words that i didnt understand. Some students were getting mad at the teacher because I was the only one that could use a cell phone in class. The teacher explained to the class that I had to use my cell phone because I needed help translate. The students then even helped me out so much learning more English. By their help and the teacher's help, when i accomplished to to enter high school my English got better and better.

Another example, in some classrooms our teacher let us use our cell phones whenever we need to find kind any information we need during the class. Then there are other teachers that don't let us use our cell phones because they say they are a distraction to us. I agree to their statement because cellphones are really distractions. In other words, whenever the teacher is teaching, the students are just on their cell phones playing,listening to music, taking pictures, etc. Not knowing that they are going to end up failing that classroom and then they are going to get mad towards the teacher asking them why they are failing that class. There are some teachers that dont even care if your using your cell phone whenever shes teaching.

In conclusion, I think that teachers shouldnt let their students use their cell phones in class. Cell phones are just a distraction to students now a days. Students are just looking at their phones and dont even pay attention to the teachers. They dont pay attention in class, not knowing it could affect their future. Students need to pay more attention on whats really going on in the real life, because not always life is going to be a video game.

life gets harder and harder whenever you start being a adult. Teachers and staff need to do something to let students know the responsibility of using their cell phones during their classrooms. 