Hi, my name is Generic_Name. I go to Generic_School. are principal Generic_Name, decided that all the students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I think Generic_Name is very wrong ,and I strongly disagree with his choice. He should of made the students vote first. Weather if they want to do that or not. I have a lot of reasons why Generic_Name shouldnt of done that.

So like I already said, I disagree with Generic_Name's choice. Here is why I disagree. My first reason is that not all the students have time during school or after school for these class's. They already have like 5 other class's, and almost all the class's have homework. When will the students get time to do the homework they have from their original class,s. They may finish the homework, but the students don't have as many breaks during the day as they had. Those extracurricular activities aren't gonna make the students better at school or smarter. So they kind of don't have a good reason to give them to us. Thats why I think Generic_Name should let the students vote cause I would vote no cause I disagree, and I don't like the idea.

More reasons are that some of these extracurricular actives are after school, and a lot of the parents work. Which means you would not have a ride back home. Most of the students don't like school. For example you have me I hate going to school. I count the hours, but thats ok. Whats not ok is when I have to go to school after school. That just to me is not fair. Cause thats like my whole day gone in school, and thats not my opinion alone a lot of other people have that opinion too.

This is the most important reason to me and everyone on this earth. When will the students have time to relax, and sit down alone to do the things and the hobbies they love. If they do those extracurricular activities they won't have the time to do any of this stuff. The good mind is in the good body. If the students don't take care of them selves. They can get depressed or get the corona virus and die. I would not like any of that to happen to me or any one in this world. School work is hard, and more work equals stress, and stress equals high blood pressure, and thats not good for children. Thats why I disagree.

Another reason is that all this work, stress, and time will take you away from the stuff you love doing. You won't see your friends as often. You won't get time to do your hobbies or talents. You won't see your parents if they go to work late in the day, and come in the morning. You will have to work on weekends and on holidays that would suck. That is why I disagree with Generic_Name.

I think Generic_Name should think this threw again. He should ask some of his coworkers, and teachers. He should have a pole or a survey. Because if a lot of people disagree like me they don't have to do the extracurricular activities. Or he can ask the kids what activity they like, and then he can have class's the students would like. For example I like cooking if he would have a cooking class. I would do the extracurricular activity. Maybe not every day but that is something I enjoy doing at home. Maybe I would enjoy it at school who knows. All I know now is that I disagree with the class's that Generic_Name has now and the timing. Thats why I disagree.

.....................................................................................THE END.................................................................................                     