During our entire life, we take a lot of decisions; some of these decisions, the ones that are more relevant than the other, are the big decisions and they influence our life. So, should people follow their ideas and instincts instead of seek guidance from experts? The answer is yes. People should follow their own belief and ideas because by doing that they achieve what they really want, they are not influenced by other people and they learn to be take decisions independently without guidence.

Although some say that people should seek guidance from experts and authorities, because it helps people make better decision and makes them less confused, this is incorrect; eventhough people take the decision whit the help of an expert, the human brain can be easily influenced by other subjects. Is important that people keep up with their ideas. In life what really matters is what you want.

First, by following their belief, people achieve what they really require and desire; for example, we live in a world where we are all influenced by others, but if you do something just because is what your friend did, was it what you really wanted to do?. This happen with frequency in people that don't follow themselves. For this reason an individual should not look on what others do, but he or she should look on her mind and search what are his or her ideas.

Second, take a decision by themselves can help people grow mentally. For example, an individual can maybe don't take the right decisions in a specific moment, but he can learn from this mistake, especially the teenangers, and take the right decisions later. Self-reliance is what an individual need to grow and follow his or her own ideas. During our life we proprably have to take a decision by ourselves, we must be able to affront it withouth a guide.

In conclusion, people should follow themselves, their own ideas, and belief with self-reliance, because in this way they are not influenced by other subjects, whit other ideas; there will be not always somebody that can guide a person to take the right decision, people should be able to take it by themselves. In what you believe and what your ideas are, is what really matters in life.