Is it a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college or the work force one year early? Some people might argue whether if it is a good idea or not. In my opinion, I think it is a good idea to give an opportunity to some students to finish high school in three years if they deserved and have worked hard for it, even sacrificing their elective courses and their time during summer or after school. Some people might not agree with this statement because they think students are too young to be acting as an adult and have adults responsibilities. However, I personally think it is a good idea for some students to finish high school in three years because some students can be doing something better in their fourth high school year out of school, some students would like to graduate as soon as possible, and students can learn how to be responsible at an early age.

First, students can be doing something better in their fourth high school year out of school. I think students could be doing something more important in that fourth high school year out of school than wasting their time in school in their fourth year. For example; a student could be going to college one year early and finish his/her career early as well, and have a better life at an early age. Students could plan their life and do productive things in that fourth year in high school and sometimes that's the reason why they want to graduate early. However, some students plan to graduate early because they think, they could be doing something more important than wasting one more year in high school.

Next, some students would like to graduate as soon as possible. Some students would like to graduate early because they might not like school or being in school, and they just trying to graduate. Some students might want to graduate as soon as possible because they want to be successful at an early age. We have to understand that sometimes some students don't live with their parents and they need to be working but they want to graduate at the same time, and I think giving students an opportunity to graduate in three years would help them a lot. For example; one of my friends told me that he was trying to graduate early because he does not have the support of his parents to be spending his time in school, so he can graduate early and work so he can have a normal living and be a successful person in life. However, Students have a lot of reasons in why they want to graduate as soon as possible.

Finally, students can learn how to be responsible at an early age. I think finishing high school in three years would help students grow mentally since they getting out from school one year early. Students would have responsiblities of an adult at an early age and I think that is a good thing which is going to help them in many ways. Their moral would be stronger, and they would learn how to deal with hard things in life. For example; there are many teenagers in high school that are not responsible, and I think If they had a chance to graduate early, they would take it and maybe they can learn how to be responsible in life. However, If students would graduate early, I think they would be way more responsible than they are.

In conclusion, Is it a good idea to graduate from high school in three years? Well in my personal opinion, I think it is a good option for some students since not all students want the same thing. Students with their credits and all the things that they need in order to graduate, I think they should graduate in three years. Students with important goals in life should considered finishing high school in three years. Some people might think that finish high school in three years is not a good idea because they think teenagers are not ready for the world and for the responsibilities that life require. However, I agree with this statement, I think finish high school in three years is a good idea because students can be doing something better in their fourth high school year out of school, some students would like to graduate as soon as possible, and students can learn how to be responsible at an early age.