have you ever needed examples to learn something or you learn better with different ways instead of receiving examples? Well, was as Albert Schweitzer said " Example is not the main thing to influence others". this means that there are other ways to influence other without using or giving examples.

One way that people may get influenced is if they receive help from others, not receiving examples; This can be better than give examples to illustrate this, in the class of ceramic the teacher mostly give us examples of how to make clay stuff, she almost never help me and this results difficult for me and for others how to make things because she only explain one time how to do it and some of the students forget about it. when she help someone their project result always to be the best of the class because of her help on the student.

Other people say that when they receive examples sometimes they get confused, this happens when the examples they get make them change their perspective over what they are doing, for example: doing a drawing, sometime the teacher tells to make a drawing of your imagination,this means of your thinking and whatever is on your brain. What could happen when the teacher tell you what to draw after she said that the drawing is about your imagination and she give examples on what to draw this make you think that she wants you to draw others things that are not on your thinking, this shows that sometimes the examples does not work on specific subjects because those get to confuse you.

Although others may say that when they use examples they are more able to influence other because they show the experience that they have on it and also teach how to do something also there are many people that learn better get more influenced when they use examples. I think that there are a few ways that are stronger that make the examples less useful or powerless to influence others. For these reasons I think that there are better ways to influence other without using examples.