If you looking for a hard worker make sure he wrights you a good resmay. If he wright you a good resmay and tells you what was his good expriens. You should ask him why was he so intrested into this job and why. ask him how searouse would you take this job and why. check for his record,ask just to make sure if he or she not into any badthing's. Ask him or she what make's him or she conterable the job they want.

Make them feel conterable what they are seeking for ask him or she how they want to work like. Make sure to ask what was their fist jobs where they lived and name of the place they worked at. Ask them a good reason why they should have the job they are looking for. Ask them what collages they went at how long they were there for. Ask him or she how long are they trying to work for.

Ask him or she like how long are they trying to wrok for in their jobs they are trying to get hierd from. If him or she is trying to get hierd and they dont wright a resaymay or show up not looking profectional,they are not the right person whos not trying to get hierd. if you going to and interviwe make him or she drees up nice,so you wuold get hire. Make sure you show up early not late. if you keep doing that to a inerviwe you will not get hired,and you will not have any more chancese.

When you doning a interviwe they can ask as many question as they want you can also ask them back to them too. if you intervewing a person or they at you make sure you listing and making eye contact at all time. before interveiwing make sure you practice at home so when you go to your interveiw you wont be nervose. Or pratice with some you now so you would get used to it or wright a peace of paper so you know what to say the next day with no problem. if you can not make any eye contact and you get nervose while you are in the interveiw ask him nicely if you could have a little practice with him or you could got some where is quite.

Ask waht's their expreance on what they like doing and when they get accepted on what they were looking for.  