first impressions does matter but it is not impossible to change them. First impressions matter to the point they can make or break a business, relationship. First impressions are fine when they are positive; they are not so fine when they are negative. First Impression can decide people's lives,careers. It is important to give people good first impression about you and you get a good first impression about them as well.

For example if you apply at some kind of job and you show up to the interview with bad looking suit. The manager is going to think inside his brain that this person does not take care of himself he is not going to care about the job, but you might have a reason that you were sick and woke up late so you did not have time to get dressed for the interview;The manager is not going to hire you because he had a bad first impression . In a different scenario you show up for the interview but the manager notices that in the way you talk it is kind of rude. The manager is going to think in his mind that this person is rude and is not going to be able to communicate with his coworkers or customers. The person who had the interview he might have had a bad day, and this is not they way he speaks but he did not get hired because the managers first impression was bad.

In my freshman year of high school in the second semester a new student had moved from a different school to my school. The kid was good looking and he seemed to be a nice person, I started talking to him and we be came friends. I got closer and closer to him and he did not have really good personality, he would talk about me in my back and say bad stuff and then this stuff got to me. I decided that i wont be friends with him anymore. My first impression about him changed . The first impression can be foolish sometimes.

In my junior year of high school i met a beautiful girl I like her style I liked the way she looked,communicated. The girl,s name was Generic_Name.

Generic_Name did not like me in the begging she thought i was annoying person. Her first impression on me was not the best in the begging. But she got closer with me she started liking me her first impression changed about me. She got closer to me she found out more stuff about me. I asked her out and she said yes and we are dating for almost two years now.

First impressions matter, they might stay forever but sometimes first impressions does not tell you who the people really are. I am sure they are important but the closer you get to people the faster your first impression is going to change about them. Always try to give people good first impression about you and be yourself so they can see who you really are from the first time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            