I disagree that the school should not add additional time towards the school days because, After School, Homework, Basketball.

I usually stay Afterschool with my teacher's if I need help for my homework and my assignments. When I stay After I usually get my work done I stay After weekly for any assignments due. Staying

After helps me alot If I didn't get the lesson I will stay after. When a test

is coming up I usually stay because, I can review some questions on the test I usually ask questions stay After School for me makes me successful because I can keep up with my grades and I want to pass. Teachers stay after

because, Teachers want

me and others to become successful doing assignments ain't easy so, that's why I stay Afterschool When you stay you can work with your classmates to work on your assignments. The school board should not add extending time because they have afterschool programs. Staying after school is a good way for me

When, I get home I do my homework like doing a lesson I didn't understand at school, any missing assignments and studying for any tests. Ususally, teachers gives students homework everyday to practice.Teachers will give you a packet it will take like a week

to complete. Homework isn't hard unless if you paid attention in class.Some homeworks are hard sometimes I would do all or do the ones that I know. I ask my family members to help me on my homework Most of the time they have no clue. Homework can be diffcult for peope homework can take hours and hours to complete. But, If you understand a lesson you can complete it quickly. Homework helps you get a more understanding the lesson you did in class. Sometimes I would understand sometimes I would have no clue what do. If I paid attention I would understand and complete my homework.

I have basketball practice weekly I need to arrive there on time. Lot's of people do stuff outside of school like Clubs and Sports.Clubs are

like Anime, Gaming and Book's. People play sports because, you can get scholarships it can help you for colleges. Others don't play sports or clubs they just go home do their homework or go to other places to do stuff. Sometimes I would go to LOCATION_NAME to play basketball or practice to get better. Doing sports are good it good for fitness you can get strong.I recommed people should do sports because it gets you scholarships it

will help you in the near future.

The school board should not add additional time because school's already has Afterschool programs for the students, to get their assignments turned in. Others have something to do Afterschool like sports and clubs I don't think they should add more time on schooldays Afterschool is a option they should not add additional time on schooldays.Students have other things to do right after school end. The school board should just add more programs after school ends.Others need to go somewhere to meet their family members if their are sick. The school board should not additional time on the schooldays.