yes is good idea, because they know what they want in the future.

And they can choose good career for they life. And they can preparation they can go to wall University. When they will be adult they have experience when they get job and they get own money they will be ready but you can help you family and if you have girlfriend you can help to became they help you to when you was little boy your parents away they told you what do you need to do at you life they was good example, for you no said no because you no that

In some societies ,students can brace for the future when they want a family they are ready for change and they can get Bette life. and you can start the future they can choose some work because if you study you can get more opportunity and you can will be good person en your life a person ready for start some wort nobody said nothing because you are ready for the job and you can will be a boss in you work but, you need to study and focus in you career because you need good grade in your school you need to have good presentation and you can get good job and you can help your family and friend .

Many people can not comply they goals. because they not ready and they can not find good job because they not ready before when they had the opportunity they not appreciate the opportunity and is to late for start agent. but you can start with your life in other something like work in contrition , drive truck ,or cashier bank and whatever work do you like.

For example you can study, hard because when you will be adult your are ready for your responsibility' and you can get good job maybe in a office, the point is you can have better life and you can get, all you want in your future but,your parents can help you in this situation because they can sea go your, school study hard because when you ready you can choose your life but you can not say my parents not help me about my future.

my recommendation is you prepare and study,hard for your goals because you can get good life and you are ready for start your goals. but if you study you will be the best person in the planet you can will be good example: for you sons' and they will be very happy about they father. When they will be adult they have good example and they try to did good job for they life bacuese they have good reflection before the they was born. yourself will be the best in the planet you need to think in yourself because you need to no what will be your life and you prepare and study work hard away remember you are good person and nobody can destroy yourself                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    