Setting a good example is really beneficial for all of us and it has been a controversial topic to talk about. By setting a great example, I would say this is a main thing in influencing others. From my personal perspective, I strongly believe that setting a good example is the main thing, but also there are a plenty of other methods to influence others by telling the reasons why they should doing it, inspiring, and giving them a small reward.

Firstly, setting such a great example, is the main target to influence others but sometimes people do not know what is that for or why they should involve in it. For instance, some people try to do a fundraising thing and need help from other people or to influence others to do it in order to accomplish somethings. But, have you ever considered about things that we are doing would they understand or know what is that for or what's the purpose of doing that? Setting a good example is not enough to influcence others. In addition, we should provide them the reasons that we are doing it, therefore they would understand and follow the same way. For example, there are a numerous people picking up trash and puting it in the bin in a public park as they want to make it clean, fresh, and to become a better place that attracts other people to come. So, providing a good reason could make them understand and this would influence others to follow.

Secondly, sometimes people already know the purpose of doing it to get a good result but they don't want to or they would probably being lazy. Therefore, inspiring is also a good way to influence other people as well. As an example, some people have been doing such a great job, but at some point they give up; they do not want to follow it anymore. In this case, inspiring has become a significant role to help them to do it. Moreover, we should motivate them to reach the target as they would use this experience to tell others and tell the benefits of doing that so others would follow. After that, as they are trying hard to influence other people to follow the right path, they should recieve a reward like a certificate or a small bill to encourage them and thanks for their time.

In conclusion, setting a great example is the important thing to persuade others to follow and it has been a controversial topic to discuss. Besides, not only setting a good example can influence others but also providing a reason, inspirng, and giving them a small reward could also make it better ways to influence others as well.                    