Do you know that a majority of people like to go out and enjoy their time? Going out can lead to happiness to some individuals. Therefore, it can have many disadvantages. Some people might find something interesting, while others may not. Playing sports in parks with family and friends, can be a marvelous way to spend time outdoors because it can let us healthier, it can be an entertainment and it can also be a way to spend time with people who you love.

Playing sports can lead to being healthy. For instance, if someone is overweight and wants to lose weight, they can play sports as an exercising way. Until today, playing sports have been a way to become healthier. For this reason, many doctors advise their patients to play sports, in order to get better. While individuals are exercising, they can get entertained.

People can get entertained by playing sports. Often times, people get bored easily and it can be hard to entertain them. However, while people playing sports, they get more entertained than bored. For example, if a family is going out to play basketball, even if a part of this family hates basketball, they can still enjoy it because it can be fun. Finally, playing sports can play a huge role in spending time with the ones who you love not only in entertainment.

Kids and adults like to spend time with people who they like. While playing sports, you can spend more time with the people you love and are close to you. You can also play as a team. Furthermore, you can compete against each others which can sometimes effect your relationship with people you love in a bad way. At the end, many people like spending time with others by playing any type of sports.

Finally, playing sports can be an enjoyable way to spend time outdoors. Because of that, people are finding it a way to become healthier. In addition, it can be also a great way to get entertained. It can provide us more time to spend with the people who we love. Do you think playing sports is a great way to spend time outdoors?                                 