What would I like to accomplish in the future? I would like to buy a house or a car or both, start a family maybe. Or just be a billionaire. What would you like to accomplish in the future? and why would you like accomplish that?

I would like to accomplish to become a billionaire for many reasons.

First of all if I would accomplish to become a billionaire, I would buy a house to live in, because I'm not gonna stay in my mom's house all my life, and I don't think my mom would like that either. I would have a pool in the back of my house. I always wanted a pool so I could swim there and wouldn't have to go all the way to the water park. Or just relax in the pool whenever I have free time. Have parties so my friends and I have fun, and my mom would't have to tells us to keep it down.

Second I would buy my mom a house, a car and some new clothes. she deserves it for all the hard work she's done. I would sell the house that we're living in now. And all the money that I will get for the house, I will give it to my mom. I would take her to see a car that she likes and buy it, because the one that she has is a little old and she is always having trouble with it. I would take her to the Mall to see different stores so she can buy different kinds of clothes that she likes.

Then I would buy a hospital. I would not let the hospital charge too much for the patients though, because whenever I go to the hospital they charge to much, and some people don't got a lot of money. I would hire the best people for the job so they can help their patients, some nurses or doctors are not too good at their job. I would let any patient in no matter where they're from, because some hospitals judged the way people look, their race or the color of their skin.

Finally I would help the homeless. Not all the money that I would have would be for me, because some I would give it to the homeless. I would buy them food and clothes, because some homeless people have clothes and some don't, and some are just waiting to be feed. I would buy an entire city block, so I can construct apartments for the homeless. whenever I look out the window, when I'm in the car, I see a lot of homeless people siting in the side walk or sleeping on it. They deserve a home!

And those are my reason for why I would like to accomplish to become a billionaire.