Many schools districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. For example students need take courses during the summer for not be to take elective classes and graduate early. Other people think the students in four years learn more and they have time for work and saved money for to go college. However in four years the students experiment new things and think better you're goals.

Counselor are discussing abouth the students mature need finish high school in three years and enter college or work one year early. The student graduate in three years for obtain a good job and work for one year for saved money for to go college and after work the student must take time for pay attention in your studies for accomplish your goals. My brother accomplish graduate in three years, he study much everyday in my home, in the school, he only take classes that need and take courses during summer school, finally graduate and after graduate he decided work for one year early for saved money because you're dreams are so big, and everytime experiment new things for not failure.

Many students need graduate in four years, beacuse not much students are the sufficient mature for accomplish graduate early, much students need learn more. Manay students need take electives courses because they want learn more or because is a very difficult, or they want obtain a diploma advanced, in four years the students must have time for obtain a good grades and study more abouth your career they want, it's important the students learn a not surrender at first time is necessary try a gain for success. My cousin take a decision of graduate in four years because she want experiment new things and learn more, she is a good student with a good grades but she decided be one more year in high school for learn more about you're career she select classes talk about you're career she is very smart because study and work for accomplish you're goals.

Who decided graduated in three years or four years is a good idea because each students think different, many students decided graduate in three years because think it is a good idea for they to finish high school for enter college one year early or for work more and saved money for acopmplish you're goals. The students decided graduate in four years is a good idea because they think prepare better and graduate with a good grades and learn more for choose the better career for they, it's important the parents support a you're child and everyday influencing with a good things.