People should go seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters because a lot of people in this world are very isolated, like they are always to themselves, sometimes you can notice when people are going through things. People always need somebody to be by their side, it's not good to stay isolated it could make you go crazy. Fifty percent of all people go through depression, anxiety attacks and mental breakdowns because there's nobody there to help them, sometimes when you try to help they just either ignore you or they just don't want to be spoken too that means they haven't been seeking help. A person who has a companion can be going through things too you know, but they express themselves to their best friend but for more help you can talk to your specialist doctor. Doctors and authorities are really a good help, they hear you out and always agree with you. Experts should be people who are very close to you it could be a neighbor, family relative, family members, your boss, coworkers and even your friends.

Authorities sometimes don't really help you when your having mental breakdowns because sometimes they don't care or it's not their business. Life is way bigger than you think, don't take it for granted always be grateful that your living to this day. The Environment should be peaceful, calming and not to over dramatic always be positive in your life don't let anybody bring you down, Life is important, live it up to the best, In other places like work or school always express yourself usually at work you ideas but your not show if you should share them, don't be shy share your thoughts on new things. Sometimes at work it's hard for you to share what you are thinking even at school, a lot of people have to over think their ideas because they think it's not good enough, that makes them lose precious time because time is usually short and you need all the time you can get, it's better to go seek help because your struggling to think of a good idea.

Most of the people in this world are really good at making their own decisions because they have nothing really to worry about, they like to be independent and always get things done quicker that way. For some people it's really not that easy for them to get their work done because they have a huge struggle in their life, they need the help, but sometimes they don't ask because they don't want embarrass themselves in front of others that work independently. Everyone deserves to be treated fairly and equal, the world needs to open their eyes sometimes because a lot of people are taking their life because they don't receive they need, day and night, sixty percent of people in this world work hard to live, they work hard to cover your monthly bills, groceries, clothes and gas if they have a car. People who make low income deserve a big chance so they can maintain themselves, when you in situation like that look for people you know and ask what they work for, it might match what like to do. People who are struggling to maintain rent and other important things they can always seek for government assistance.

People are living in this world for a reason, they need to survive and live their life. Everybody got to do what they got to do sometimes when it comes to surviving, there is a lot of single family dad's and mom's in this world, most of the time they can't even maintain their kids and home. It's a good idea to always have someone in your life they motivate you and care for you, they do much more because their here for you no matter the situation, Always have help beside you, you will need it. A lot of people who are alone and make their own decisions, don't have families and friends, they just rather do their way because they know what they are doing. Not everyone is the same, everyone has different problems and they usually go through them alone, sometimes they don't know how to think and how to live. At the end of the day there has to be someone out there that can help you with your life, your never alone always remember that. Some people who try their hardest usually pays off even though they go through struggles but they have to be independent sometimes thats how you learn to be responsible and no one is always there to hold your hand sometimes you got to give it your all, just believe in yourself over time you will succeed