There students that would be able to benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Because there schools that can let you take online classes. You are able to work on your own pace,you are also able to balance school,work and spending time with friends and families,and your able to take video conferencing at home.

There are many different schools that can let you take online classes. There students going through family issues at home that they aren't able to attend school regularly. It can help them to learn in class so they don't fall behind or fail the grade. They just want to learn like us and have a great future. It can also help if you are attending collage but not want to stay on campus.

When having the benefit to take online class at home is working at your own pace. You are working at your own pace to get in done fast or you just like to take your time. Many students prefer taking their time becasue it will help them understand it more then rushing the working knowing that it could be wrong. It can also help them be more then the other colleagues at school. When having this opportunity your able to get work done without any distractions.

When balacing school,working and spending time with family and friends can be very diffcult at times if you are attending school regularly but when taking online classes it can help you understand the class more and you can focus more then getting distracted at school because of friends. This will help you get the work done in matter of seconds.

When having the intrenet your able to do may things but having the opportunity to a video conference from home while still attending school is the best. This will help you with one on one tutoring sessions to ask questions to your teacher or professor when having trouble with anything in a subject. You are also able to learn new things while doing video conference.

Students should take this opportunity to attend school from home because instead of going to school for seven to eight hours, you can learn everything at home without anyone rushing you or having a deadline when its due. Its better to take your time and take the opportunity. I would recommed this to anyone who would rather get to learn at home on their own.