Another day of October, already thinking about 2020 and all that comes with it. I recommend myself that is better not to think about time, but how to avoid everything that is going on around the world. Unlucky that we are trying to divide or at least keep a difference with people in certain ways that is more recognized as judging. We are not perfect of course, but now days in our society too many people focus into be more than whoever is in front maybe because of religion, economic status, or just because of bad education that they had when they were kids.

People in general is what I mean; if there was a question about who do I mean with people. From Kids maybe around 4 years old that can be judging other kids without even have the intention. And what I think is that we are like this because we decided to. After our evolution and thousands of years laters; the cognitive revolution, we started to interact with another Sapiens and we were influenced by the way of how we introduce ourself for first time with other people.

Right there is where we started our way to here, to what what we are and who we decided to be as society. The beginning of writing brought the religion and another way to somehow let the world and whoever is in the cosmos that Homo Sapiens has a difference with any other species and even between us. Maybe through paints in caverns or draws in walls. But that is only when we talk about spiritual or cultural difference, if not called judment.

That is more than just impressions. I'm not only focusing in how do you look like but in who you are and all that comes with you. This is how we think and it will be difficult to change if you want me to be generous with the generations that are alive now and the ones that are coming. We wont be able to to stay away from our religion or even racial difference with other people. Maybe just because we were tought like that from our parents and the way that their generation growed up. Being specific Im completely agree, we are really good judging people and trying to make ourself look better at any price. We don't care anymore about our spiritual energy and how do we suppose to treat to each other. In conclution the system that we live is worldwide, and until the day when Science can explain where we come from and who we really are we will stay in the same place with the same toughts.