Setting A Good Example

Have you thought of set an example for your own behavior?

Albert Schweitzer said "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." Setting a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence other people.

However; others believe that their are better ways to influence others because the person being influenced should set their own examples not everyone wants to follow someone examples.

Although not everyone thinks the same it's better to set an example by your own behavior to influence others. People get influenced by demonstrations, peoples mistakes and when visualizing things.

To influence someone you have to set an example for them to visualize what you are trying to influence them to do. Most people get influence when presented demonstrations through videos, presentations and pictures. My favorite youtubers influence me by spreading postivity through their videos and content. They help the homeless by providing them shelter; they make people's day by helping them with their needs. They influence me to want to help the homeless and other people. These youtubers Influence their subscribers to spread posivity throughout the world by the examples they set on their videos.

A lot of people learn from others mistakes; setting a good example from your own behavior will influence others not to do your mistake in your example because they will take it into concerdation. One of my friends told me their experience on missing their opportunity of taking a course required for graduation. She did not get to graduate on time she stayed one more year in high school to complete the course she missed. She regretted not taking the course her junior year to graduate on time. My friend influenced me to take the class my junior year and to learn from her mistakes. I didn't miss my opportunity I got to take the course and earned the credit for it. I learned from her example she influenced me by telling me to follow her example to accomplish it.

Most people don't believe things until they see an example of things. They're are people that need to visualize things to get influenced by them. It's confirmed that most influencers present things that you can visualize to influence people. I am a person that needs to see an example of something in order to believe it. When I am searching information I need to see if it is fiction or non fiction. Once I researched up the wrong information for a presentation the article didn't state a true event. I got a bad grade for the presentation as my consequence I had an F that quarter for not stating a true fact. Influencers set example's of their own behavior to influence you the right way.

Others believe that there are better ways to influence others by letting the person being influenced set their own example. The person being influenced can not set their own examples if they don't have experience. People need to follow someone example because they need to be influenced before they can influence others by setting their own examples. All influencers have been influenced by others examples they didn't set their own example.

Following an influencers example will help the person being influenced learn from their mistakes and improve from them to set better examples to others being influenced.

Albert schweitzer set his own examples from his own behavior to influence others. He was

Inspired by other influencers examples and that it was the only thing to help influence others.

He says that the best way to influence other people is to set a good example by your own behavior. You should follow someone examples by their own behavior to set a good example to influence others.                                                                                                                                                        