Students should take their own time and really think about what career they want, and it also depends what they like, but i think that not every student should commit to one specific career because they might have second thoughts.

For some students that are at a young age they know what career they will want to commit to. Some of these students have parents that also have committed to a career when they were young because its a family tradition like being a Doctor, FBI agent, teacher, and so many other careers to choose from. The parents expect to know what career their son or daughter has chosen by the time they are in middle school, but they would choose a career that has been in the family for a long time. Some parents force their own son or daughter to choose the same career they have because they want to continue the whole family tradition, but if they don't like the career their parents have they will not be looking forward to go to work every day and then tell them self that the career they choose is boring and regret not choosing other careers when they are at work setting in their office.

Other students will probably have a hard time thinking what career they want when they enter high school. When the students enter high school for the first year their counselor asks them what career they would want when they graduate high school, and some students will have an answer but others will have a hard time figuring out what they want to do or be after high school. Family members will throw a few career options at them and let them do some research on the career or the position they want. So its better to not commit to one career because their are options to choose from and they won't have to choose a specific career at a young age when they can just wait until their senior year of high school. The important thing to do is for students that are just entering high school should try not to worry about what career they want, yet because that will stress them out more, and have a hard time focusing in class or if people keep asking it might upset them.

students that commit to one career at a young age is not a good idea because what if the student had a specific class to guide them to that one career they had in mind, but decides that they don't want that career anymore because they found another career that caught their attention and that is interesting.      