Dear School Board,

My name is Generic_Name, and I attend Generic_School I have heard about your plans to extend the school day, and I am concerned about how the students will react. I understand that the school board wants to add one and a half hours to school each day, but I believe this will have a negative impact on students. A number of students who participate in after school activities will have less time to complete homework as well as missing assignments, many students may feel pressured to learn an extensive amount of material everyday which could lead to them falling behind, and students could also become stressed between balancing school work and other daily activities.

In other words, students who participate in sports or clubs may have difficulty completing homework due to the fact that their time is decreased. Attending school for more than eight hours followed by attending sports or clubs could be followed by complications. These students would not have as much time as others to finish/complete homework, which could lead to a decrease in their grade. Students also enjoy free time to spend with their family or loved ones, but this opportunity to make plans could be slimmed with the students being busy most of the time. Not having enough free time might pressure the student to complete all the assignments, which could cause them to become sleep deprived. Sleep deprivation could lead to concentration issues as well as having difficulty staying awake throughout the school day. A student should not have to experience stress or have difficulty making time for other daily activities, all of these factors could lead to a negative environment for a student as well as a teachers and staff.

Similarly, students may also be pressured to learn an excessive amount of material, which could cause grades to drop. Research conducted by the Generic_School shows that when schools have longer days, lessons increase daily by 78% worldwide. Teachers may decide to put it an extra lesson everyday which could lead to a course that is too rapid for the student to handle. If a students learns too much excessive material in one day it could lead to difficulty of comprehending what is being taught, and could cause them to fall behind on their schoolwork. If a student starts to fall behind, it could cause them to also have difficulty catching up on new material that is being covered with the class, this could lead to the student to becoming stressed. Teachers could also be affected by students struggling to catch up and it could slowdown their lesson plans, this would lead to students and teachers not covering/reviewing the material they need to, at the right time. Teachers and students should not have to experience day-to-day stress in school, this could lead to the school not being organized, because no class would be on schedule with the classes they are similar to.

Likewise, students as well as teachers would become more pressured between balancing work that has yet to be completed and other daily activities. Teachers could struggle between creating lesson plans, keeping grades up to date, and handling their personal free time. Students could also struggle with making plans with their family, completing school work on time, and attending extracurricular activities. This could all put a student in an stressful position, and it could lead to them stressing out about working, and to students contemplating about quitting a sport or activity. Teachers could also be affected negatively, they could be instructed to continue on with the lesson without having time to catch up students who are struggling with the concept of the new material. Students and teachers shouldn't have to make decisions between aiding or continuing to do things, this could lead to the grades of many students dropping and could lead to the teacher struggling between lessons, and leaving some students without proper aid.

In conclusion, students as well as teachers would be negatively impacted if one and a half hours of school were added to each day. Students who participate in sports/clubs would have less time to complete their work, students would also be pressured to learn an extensive amount of material which could lead to their grade percentage decreasing, and students as well as teachers would feel more pressure between balancing school work, and free time. All of these factors would leave the faculty as well as students with a negative environment to work in. The people in the school building shouldn't have to experience any stress over adding one and a half hours to a school day. I hope you can take my views under consideration for the benefiting of the students.

Sincerely,

Generic_Name

Generic_School; 