In my opinion, I know why Thomas Jefferson decide to wrote this for his people. He want to see if we are responsible with our own work and left to lose the time just little things, he just want that his people can make their dreams. When he wrote this people was scare because their people was slave before

Abraham Lincol become president of the United State. This show three reason why he wrote this.

First, Thomas Jefferson spend his time with us because he want to see how his people really following his wrote. Many people don't think about what they can do in their life, if we still spend time with other people we don't accomplish our own dreams, sometimes people are shy,and scare with their dreams because other people can bother them because they can accomplish their dreams or may be they don't believe in them. Some people can't acommplish their dreams because they think that is lot stuff but the reason is that they never try, if they can accommplish their dreams.

Second, if we look and read carefully we can find more about this wrote. We really can't thinking about because we don't have commitment to make our own dreams better. Some people are in school but they don't see the opportunity that we have for make a lot stuff in the future. We just go at school because our mothers dispatch us at the school. If we used about Thomas Jefferson wrote we can learn how we have work hard for make our life much better. We just have to think just in the our future and study more for have a good grade and accomplish the dreams we wish.

Third, in this time we have much time in our own life for do a lot stuff because we are freedom. But we just think to go out with friend and have fun, nobody care their dreams in this time. They spends their time in party and doing lots stuff with our friends. If we still doing the same things with our friends we never get something better in our own life. We need to have more commitment about what we really want in our future.

In conclusion, we can be better than other people because we are young and we can do more stuff. We can teach them thst we can do all this stuff, if we can think better. We have a good concentration in all what we do. Don't matter what we can accomplish our own dreams because we are not alone we have our familes for support us with really we want to do in the future. Thomas Jefferson give force for continue with our dreams and never give up with our own dreams.