Many people are discussing that unless they try to do something beyond what they have already mastered, they will never grow. sometimes people don't know how much they know until they try. For example, Generic_Name did not know that she was good at swing until she try to swing, then she knew how much she can do, later she start teaching the young people to swing and now the young people that she teach are teaching other people. Other people think that they do not need to try something that they have already know. However, trying new passions that they have already mastered should be something that they change more their personalities because trying something new can help other to find their new passions and trying something new makes people grow themselves.

Trying something new makes people grow themselves. For example, when I was in the middle school I did not like to have math but when

I begin the High School, I was like I am not sure if I will do good in this year, at first I did not like the idea of been in class but then my teacher was teaching and i like the way that she teach, I learn all lot with her, sometimes my friends were there and they did not know how to do it so I always help them, trying something that I already knew but never try change my self and I learn to have more patience to explain. My self grow when I start to learn and see how much I can do and help others. Trying something new can help other to find their new passions. For example, I have a brother that is in the army, hi did not know that his passion was the army until he join the army in my country just for training, he was like I am not the man to be in the army for all my life, the training was just 3 months and after training finish he call my mother and tell her that he will stay because he find what he was looking for. After a long time he came back home just for one month and he was happy telling stories when he was training and when they sent him with others people to a mission, he tell all the amazing things that he can do in the army, and I love all the thing that he tells us, so I decide to become a soldier when I turn 18 year old the next year because I love the idea of helping the country were I am right now, to say thank you for me and other people that immigrant to United State for a better life and more hopes for our families. Joind the army is doing what I really love is the best thing in my life, helping people and countries is my passion, I know that some people die in the army but they die helping their countries and famlies, but god know why he have such wars and poverty in this world.

In conclusion, doing something that they already know but never dome and they did not know that can be their passion and growing their self as persons. For example,

is like not knowing what they the food overcome and the food will make them die. Discovering new passion and growing your self as a person is the best thing that they can having dome in their lives. Somethings they can not try something that they know but they are scare to lose.                                                                               