How should people take decisions?? thats the real question should a person follow a feeling or motion call instincts or should they make a decision by guidance by experts and the laws and authorities. Well a person should use advise really. For example lets say a business man has to make a decision about if he should invest money or not on a product thats been selling good for the last few months but in the pass they werent selling as much. so the business man has to go and get guidance with some experts because he doesnt want to make the wrong decision and make the company waste money they wont get back.

Thats why having advisers are so helpful because there suppose to help people get out of any concerns a person has. They can guide and advice you to do things right. For example when a person is in high school that person has a guidance. That person is always going to be trying to help, there gonna help decide which classes are best for a student, and there gonna look in to the student and check why a student isnt doing good and after that there gonna try to help him so he can accomplish hes goals and graduate.

Every time we take a decision over something serious we need to think about it more than once because if it is a decision like buying a house its life changing ether it can go really good or it can hurt you badly thats why its better to think about it and talk with an expert because its needed to know if that person is ready and its stable enough. For example if a person wants to buy a house theres a lot of responsibilities that come with that decision and he or she has to be ready that means theres no more playing around and settle down and he or she needs to think about it if thats what they really want.

Take decisions it always has a grade of difficulty thats sometimes not even with the best advisers can help to make a decision being one hundred percent sure that thats the right answer. Sometimes you just have to trust youre instincts because a person has knowledge about the answer to the question but he or she think about the answer to much that they get them selves confused and thanks to that they make poor choices when really you should just trust the person is right. For example when a teacher tells a student on a test trust your instincts and dont think about the answer to much is because they know that he knows the answer.

In conclusion its always better to have a person giving you advise about a question or problem, its easier to make good decisions when a person has help than when a person is alone confused and stress about a decision. But at the same time is good to trust your self and follow your instincts and not having to depend or need someones help.                                            