Do you have a talent or skill? If so what's you talent/skill, and how do you use it? Explain what your talent is and how did you developed it.

The first thing i'll be talking about my skills. One of my skill it cooking; I love cooking and it's one of my favorite thing to do at home when I have nothing else to do, and I'm pretty decent at it. I can only cook one thing for now, the only thing I can cook right now are eggs such as sunny side ups, scrambled, and an omelet. My dad is the one who got me into cooking, and I wanted to be a good cook like him. Another skill of mine is that I can run kind of fast I don't like running that much but I still run. I can also run far with one breath, and I don't have a lot of stamina. I can also bake. It's rare for me to bake because I usually don't do it a lot, but it fun to do if you're bored and you want to make something. The only two things that I made was cupcakes, and chocolate cake. My dad's girlfriend is the one who made kind of like baking because it fun to do.

Now i'll be talking about my talents. A talent I have is drawing; Drawing is one of my top five favorite things to do when i'm not doing anything or when i'm bored. I'm decent at drawing but not really good yet I practice on trying to get better at it, and the things I draw are random because when I draw something random I usually draw it when i'm bored. The person who got me into drawing was my sister, when I saw her drawings I was amazed cause she was a good drawer, and I wanted to draw like her one day. Math is also one of my talents: math is my number one subject because i like it, and my friends say i'm good at it. When I we have a hard problem I sometimes don't use my calculator because I always forget I have one.

I also like build most of the time because I get to go outside and find stuff I can play with, I usually find big sticks and carve them after I finish carving them I start sanding it so it wouldn't so rough when I finish I paint them to make it look cool, but now I bare;y do it because I have a lot of stuff to do. The only thing I use is a knife and a sand paper because some of the tools I needed to use I didn't know how to use them.