My talent and skill is drawing, painting, and coloring, and writing. Those are my favorite talents and skills. And the things I like to do with them is making cartoons, painting and drawing pictures, and coloring, and writing novels. But, also last year I did art and took all art clubs ,and classes ,and usually I like to be a real cartoonist so this year I want to be a writer. And I want to do that for this year. But I am still good at it. So next year in ninth grade I am doing art again next year. And I use whenever I'm bored and there nothing I can do at home of at school.

So for writing I want to write novels and books for everybody. And lately I have been taking writing classes during the summer. But last year I started being a cartoonist and start writing newspapers and drawing cartoons for the newspapers. At School I join the animate club and then I started drawing pictures for the scenes of the cartoon. And I like it. So I join the yearbook club and I started writing the captions under the photos. To tell and say what it actually means. So last year for third block I had facs ,and I use art for the cakes and cupcakes and also ice cream. And then I think that art is good for me.

So let me tell about my favorite skill writing. The main I like writing is I like to write novels and books. But my favorite book I like to write is about Transformers Dark of the moon. My favorite graphic novel of all times and it is the number one movie to be produce of all times and in the beginning of the novel is the war of cybertron and the rest of the movie is all about everything about the space race. But the main thing I like about writing is you know is the words and feelings of it ,but also I like to write about poems , and poems help think about feeling.

And other kind of stuff let give you some specific reasons.

detail#1:

I think that writing can impress you detail#2:

Writing can also contain facts and opinions detail#3:

Writing can also have poems

So for art is everything

Art is everything

It can be all around us

And ,but also writing can have vocabulary and it is for spelling. But you must check your spelling whenever you are done with an article or an essay. And it also contains art. But also for art it shows like it graphic novels authors must make bubble speeches for the people it the book to say. Whenever they are happy, sad, or other kinds of feelings. But it contains all kinds of words and languages for people to say ,and the bold means what is important and what it really means. But it means whenever a person reads a book. And what it have to say what it self.

My conclusion is that in the future I continue to think about my talents and skills and what they really means to me. But still I think I still care about it. And that is for everyone else's. That is my favorite. For example I draw and write comics. That is my conclusion. The end