A positive attitude is the key to success, and everyone should agree at this point. People who choose to be in a successful way, always try to be positive toward every situation. Every person in this world wants to be something that could be remembered forever. To get to what they want to and dream about to achieve it, they must need to work hard, be prepared for everything, and always should be prepared for things that might be impossible to do but never give up on it at any issue. Life gets hard sometimes and gets easy by the time, but it depends on what people choose to live with. Those who choose to live happily works hard, always have positive attitude toward everything. But those who want to be successful but not working enough on it it will get nothing from it. people like "George Washington"

who are still our heroes are the ones who knew how to get through tough ways by a positive attitude. We all have different habits, we are all different, but we can change the world through our positiveness, not by being mean and not pretend to be working hard for our needs and wants. Positive attitude the something that helps us get ride of our daily problems, doing something in a good way makes is a way to our goal becoming true with no tension. If we want to make our dream come true we have to make it in a good and positive way without hurting anyone, and by loving everyone. the only thing everyone absolutely have to know is that a positive attitude and thinking positive is the way we could get ride of our bad habits and live live in peace. We can't make it through our hard times if we just sit there and don't do what we should to ourselves and other needy people. We all have to be patient, not everyone gets stuff so easily, to achieve something it takes time but we all have to be prepared for things we will face. We might won't make it through in our first try,

but we should never quit trying. Everything takes times and have it's own limit to get fixed. There are two things that are above all else, one is work hard, and the second one is work hard in silence but in a positive and a good way. positive attitude is the important thing in our daily life. It's not that we have to be 100% so we could get all we want, we all know not everyone in this world is perfect so we have to do things by what we really could do, the only thing that would help us in everything is positive attitude. Nowadays everyone think they could do everything without trying the best they could, and try it in a positive way, but i think they are wrong. If you want to get the same respect s everyone else you need to have a positive mind toward every different thing in this world. Whenever things keep goes wrong we need to ask our selves that are we doing what we suppose to do, are we being what our parents and our country taught us to be, so that way we could stop thing to go from right to wrong and stay positive in every way. before we start to do something new we need to ask someone that is experienced, so we will not get lost in the middle. Never give up on anything in this world things are not hard, we are the ones who makes them difficult to do. We are not pot in this world for keep quitting things to get to our goal, we are here alive to create change in world, to love people, to love the tradition, to keep doing positive and effective things for our generation and the upcoming generations. We are born to make people smile. We are not for hate, we are for love. We all should be trying to change the negative thought to a positive thought. When we have problem to solve, we need to think twice and think positive because that solution would defiantly impact others too. We should all try hard to be in a metier type place. In my opinion everyone should be thinking about how to be successful, how to be something better, how to make others feel better, and make them pot him/her as an idol. we all should always take responsibility for our action and consequences. If you want to be something memorable you have to be the change what others would like in you, and you are the one who could make it through hard and tough ways by a positive attitude. We are the ones who can change the world by just be different and make things easy and effective in a good and positive way. I know we do not want the world to go for hate and negative way instead of a positive and right way with full of benefits. If we want to work somewhere and we don't have control on our bad behavior and have negative attitude towards the boss and other workers we will not be successful, but if we do have control on our positive and negative attitude we will always be successful and always would get promotion in every place we are. Only a positive way could effect us to achieve our needs and wants. 