My central idea is supported with specific imformacion about this threes reason, one make something great for other people, two specific job, three skill. and give my opinion about all this and be very specific.

In my opinion I agree with Emerson, Because is very important to make semething great for other people that you want to help. This could be a good reason constantly to help a lot people to accomplishment dreams, goals and purpose in the life. For example make something good for people that want growing and that the families feel pround by the achievement. Other example, give to other people a reason for to going forward and cumply their dreams and purpose in the life.

Specific job, a specific job make something greatest for a lot people in this world. In this job we help to peoples that want cumply their purpose in their lifes and enjoy their accomplishment. Specific job that can help a lot peoples to get many oportunities for working in any work. We help to get a good information about a specific job that want greatest a magnific accomplishment. We recollected a good information about your dreams and goals that you want, for get a excellent job that you want in your life. My idea central is help to other people to find greates accomplishment in your lifes. For example we can help to other people to find information about carreer and specific job. Other example reach information about what want the people in specific for get an amaizing accomplishment.

To have a skill to trying to make something else is the greatest accomplishment that you can make for other people. when you decide to help to other peoples that is very interested to going forward with the batalle of wanted fo get a good accomplishment. For example you have a big ability for help to other people to get a greates accomplishment, you can help to othetr people, and this can be some amaizing in your life and in my life too.

My conclusion is help to other people to find a greatest accomplishment and purpose in the life, that can make very happy the rest of the life and enjoy a magnific job that I want, and always going forward and never finally the dreams and porposes, and never stop to dream high.    