i think imagination is more impotent then knowledge but i also think knowledge in important too. i think being able to image something in your head is a power. and being able to be who you dream to be is knowledge. imagination is something you feel and see it in your head and there is no one to stop you seeing whatever you seeing in your imagination you could even see your self dating your crush and there is absolutely no one to stop you. everyone has a dream for there self. imagination can help your dream grow more. imagination could help your knowledge to grow too. i think seeing your self in a position where you always want to see is a power. i think if you have anger issue imagination could help you. but know that not every one has imagination and not everyone has good knowledge.

imagination is really impotent sometime i imagine my self being a police officer and making lots of money when i imagine being a police and there is no one to stop me i feel really good about my self.

but i also know that if i wanna be able to gain what i want i have to fight with my won knowledge and then fight with others knowledge then i could gain my dream. but before knowledge you need your imagination to billed up your dreams. and after dream you need your brilliant knowledge to gain your dream. it mine sound stupid but its the truth that loving your self and imagining your self doing something that you always wanted to be is a great felling.

talking in feeling and anger i am the type of girl who has anger issue but i know how to manege my anger before i knew about this anger management. i always used to break my phone ,laptop,computer, TV and table sometime because my mom sometimes yall at me for no reason so my mom share all this with my old teacher the one i really like i always lessen to him she said to my teacher 'can you tell her to stop she keep breaking everything in m house' my teacher said 'OK, i could help you'.then my teacher told me when ever i am mad and feel like breaking stuff just imagine my self being a parent a single mom how hard i would have to work to feed my self and my daughter from that day i havent broke any other stuff i my house.

you may have a question how my imagination help me grow so one day i was imagining being being with my cruse like what if i ask him out i was imaging him saying yes and then thinking about how i should ask him but before i finish i fall a sleep and i had dream about me and my crush being together having lunch together in some place then in the morning i told my friends about it and my friends made me ask him out and he did said yes and in nest day we did had lunch together so i think my relationship happened because of imagination now i am on a situation where i love to image everything people tell even if my friend tell me a story i just imaging in in my head.

being able to image everything in my head is the biggest knowledge ever i love the fact that i am so good at imagining stuff that i am loving to wright this easy and i think everyone who has anger issues should try what i do and people with low self esteem should try what i do too and people that love to dream i am pretty sure they already imagining them being where then need to be in the further.