'Be Yourself"

To be yourself means a lot for the community in their trajectory in life. Although some people say not been yourself can affect a person's journey, the reality is that society can show can show skills and be more creative. To be yourself is the best way to show your knowledge, express yourself, and demostrate confidence.

First, if people show their knowlegde at work or school, they have more opportuities to go foward in life. For example, for those students that demostrate they have a good potential, they can receive a schoolarship from the state. This is important because for those that are interested in continue progressing and have good reputation, now they have the motivation to keep working hard everyday. Also, this can help a person to find jobs; and generate more resources. This is important because people with good knowledge, have the chance to be in a very high standing at work.

Secondly, expressing yourself, and giving your opinion can have an effect on the next couple years. For example, people have the right to vote at the age of 18, so this give them the opportunities to make the change they think is the best. This is a priority for the United States future. Also, people can help society by doing little things. Some people say that government is guilty for most of the massive shootings in schools, or public places; that is the reason why a lot a people is asking the government to change the law of buying guns around the country. This is essential because it would decreased the shootings, and lowered the number of deaths by fireguns in the United States.

Thirdly, if a person had never fail, its because they did't try. People need to be confident, believe in themselves, and look for new goals and opportunities. Sometimes people need to take a risk to get higher, and accomplish their dreams by working overtime, or students that stay after school to get extra help. This is important because most of the people would be proud. Otherwise, people need demostrate confidence, help others, show them respect, and be real. We all know how difficult is to be alone or the things around us are just not going well. This is fundamental because the envirionment around us would be better.

Lastly, to be yourself is the best way to show your potential, give an opinion, and demostrate the world what people is made of. Some people say that not been yourself is bad for a person's trajectory, the reality is that been yourself is showing all your knowledge. Be yourself, have fun, and enjoy the all of the awesome things life offers. 