Imagine being a doll that is being controlled and someone telling you that this is your character traits. You don't have control on your own character trait because you let others influence you to think that's what your character trait is. Many people let others pick what their character trait is instead of doing it on your own and learning who you are and who you want to be and/or let others decide what their character trait is or are obligated to be this this person their not. Most let others decide because they don't know who they want to be or what others want them to be.

I agree with this prompt because you are obligated to because the other person is in control of your life, you let others choose because you aren't sure who you want to be, and you choose what you want your character trait to be.

You are obligated to because the other person is in control of your life and will make you feel vulnerable if you don't do as they say; they are the ones in power with what your character trait is and who you are going to be. An example can be your parents especially your mom that raises you. It might not be all mothers out there but most of them will raise a child and tell them what their character trait is going to be. Another example can be is if you are in a situation and it's between your life or death and the person makes you choose what your character trait is when that is not who you want to be but your life is on the line. Whoever you choose to be reflects who and what you are going to be in the future.

You let others choose what your character trait is because you are not sure what your character trait is and don't know who you want to be.

Many people tell each other that this is who they are and just influences people to tell you that's who you are. How will you know that for sure though if you cannot even figure out what your character trait is on your own and if that is what you choose it to be. This is where you over think about your character trait and just take your friends or any other person's opinion about who you are and what your trait is. If you are not sure who and what your character trait is just learn more about yourself and don't take anyone else's opinion and make that your character trait.

You choose what you want your character trait to be because you have the power to control who and what you want to be and not what other's have to say what your character trait is. You yourself choose to make what your character will be.

The best thing that a person can do to figure out who and what they want to be and what their trait is going to be is listing what you like about yourself by doing pros and cons. You will know your character trait when you feel comfortable and you love yourself for making another person smile and making their day. Along the way you will learn new things you did not know about yourself. We get to choose our own character traits not others, let that be a valuable lesson.

In conclusion you yourself choose what your character traits are going to be and not by others because you have the power to choose who you are and what your character traits is going to be.