Why do curfews interfere with young people's lives? For some people, they have to stay at work really late because of this reason. A curfew could really mess up someones life when they're doing something important. No wonder why curfews interfere with young people's lives and here's the reason. Curfews interfere with young people's lives because they have to stay at work very late, have to intended to something , and have fun with their friends.

However, some people don't agree with this position. They think that a curfew keeps teenagers out of trouble. For example, When the teenager comes home on time, their mother wouldn't be scared where they have gone and why they stay out late. So, this explains why the council thinks that a curfew to young people's lives could get them out of trouble. However, young people still consider that having a curfew could interfere with their lives and here's the first reason.

Going home on time when they're at work is impossible. For example, some people working at a restaurant stay late some times because of cleaning the dirty dishes or taking a long time to do their side jobs. Also, when they're working for the government, they have to stay really late because of paper work or something urgent. This shows that having a curfew could make young people really stressed because they would have to rush their side jobs and get home in time. That is one good reason why they shouldn't adopt the curfew and here's the next one.

A lot of young people have things to do when they're out . For example, when the teenagers are in a play, they can't stop the play until it's finished or they will ruin the play. When they're at a school dance,they can't leave if they're participating the dance or they have a date. Young people sometimes have things to do after hours or want to go and participate. That's another good reason why the council shouldn't adopted the curfew and here's the last reason.

For teenagers, they just want to have fun and stay out late. For example, teenagers like to drive out very late with their friends or drink with them. Also, play games with their friends and stay up until they finish a level or a quest at a arcade or Dave and Busters. A lot of teenagers don't always sleep on time when they're having fun. That sums everything and here's the closing.

In conclusion, this stats that curfews interfere young people's lives because of them working very late. Also, when, they're intending in an event. Lastly, when they're having fun with their friends. This shows that curfews interfere with young people's lives. They can stay out as long as they like, it's their life.