Failure plays an important role in the pursuit of success. Some people think that failure give you courage to try again. On other hand, some people think that failure make people loss enthusiasm. I strongly agree that success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Failure always push you to never give up, to try your best and to be proof of your mistakes.

First of all, failure is not the worst thing, but the worst is not to try. Failure motives you to try over and over until you accomplish each of your setting goals. In my case, last year I didn't pass my US/VA History SOL with a score of 399, which gave me a lot of disappointment. At the same time I decided to try again, I did my best to study and with enthusiasm I made it. Now I'm so glad that I didn't give up, because if I had not try I would be taking the class again. As you can see, by trying you can attain all your purposes in life to succeed.

As matter of fact, trying your best and working hard are essential ways to be successful in life. Every single person in this world that it's successful are because they work hard to succeed as businessman, doctors, politics, lawyers, teachers and etc. For example, I have a friend who's working really hard on business. He doesn't sleep nine hours like a human being, instead he works at night, afternoons and goes to college during the day, so he can afford enough money to invert on his business. He's almost accomplishing his goal, because of his hard work and effort invert into his business, which now is growing by time. For these reasons, doing truly work and the best you can it's favorable and helps you to be successful.

Furthermore, mistakes are proof that you are trying. Our mistakes are tools from where we learn and improve to be better. For example, one of my classmates was afraid of public presentations and reading out loud, because of her imperfect English pronunciation. Later on, she decided to try and even though she made mistakes it helped her to improve her English. As you can see, mistakes are here to help us don't make the same mistakes over and over, but to learn from them.

In conclusion, to be successful consist of going from failure to failure without loss motivation and effort. Also, trying is better than don't try and don't know what would had happen. You can accomplish all your purpose in life to succeed with enthusiasm. Moreover, doing truly work and the best you can it's favorable and it will open new opportunities. Never let the cowardice control your mind and learn from every single mistake that you made.    