The type of work I would like to persure is being in the NBA. Because they get a lot of money, and they're good at playing basketball. I would like to be there one day.

I've always had a dream of being in the NBA, ever since I laid my eyes on the sport I loved it. I know that with my skill level I could help out a lot.

I am inspired by a lot of players that walked foot on the court I am mostly inspired by klay thompson. Every time I watch him play all the time and I wonder how he became so good than. That's when I would go to the court to practice everyday. I work out everyday to become the next big thing. And if someone is working harder than me i have to work 10x harder than them i put my sweat, blood, tears to make sure i am better than someone who's better than me. Because if they are, it will be harder for me to become something i've always wanted to become.

The specific job it self is great I, would be getting paid just by playing a game of basketball. I would be in the spot light everyone will notice me and how well i am poforming. I would be famous because I would be a goat at playing basketball. And if that doesn't work out than that will just suck for me.

Everything about it is so wonderful, i would be playing a sport I love the most. Than getting paid to do what I love doing most. I don't think i've had a dream this big. I want the whole world to know that I am more than just human. This sport means everything to me and if i could have one wish it would be to play for the NBA. One chance to show to the coaches that i am a beast at playing basketball. And when that day comes I will have their mouths dropping. When I am the next big thing Everyone will be shouting my name at the top of their lungs. I have been saying this ever sense i was a little kid i will make it to the top. I will pursue my dream of working for the NBA.

I will take any risk that comes my way I am willing to do anything to prove what I can do. When that light shines on me I will finally have succeded my goal to being what I wanted to be. Becasue that's when I know that when i gave it my all, it came out to be a great thing.

The most thing I like about it is how good the money is. They make so much money just by playing one game of basketball. When I am there I will have so much money just by proving what I can do. What i also like is how well they work together but just how they play together the vibe they have with each other is honeslty great, when I come I know they would give me a shot. to succed in life. It is great to know that everyone can have a shot at something great if they have the mindset and heart for their goal.

If you could take the time to come see me play i know i will have you shocked. Because i've been working so hard for an oppertunity like this. After all, all I think about is how i can impacted people by just watching at how good my skills are. Just to show what i am capapole of.

For my 3 reasons why this dream is so important to me

The money seeing someone work really hard, so that way i can become just like them showing what i can do when the spot light hits me

That makes me work harder every day to become something I know I will be. I will risk it all to become this person that's inside of me that's ready to be released.

Thank you for your time.

Sincirly, Generic_Name 