To begin with, the people who tries something new everyday could get good opportunities. And the people who does the same rutine won't be able to learn something new. The author Raph Waldo Emerson wrote a statement."unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered,you will never grow". I have some couple reasons why i support this statement.

First of all,people who get new opportunities learn something new, and grow as a person, and will help you emotionally and mentally. For example, people makes mistakes but from that mistakes we learn from it and wont do it again. learning from your mistakes can make you become a better person. Being a better person can also help other people too because they can admire you.

Secondly,another reason why i support this statement is because if you dont try something new as a person you will never grow and become a good model for you kids. For instance, the kids that you would get can do the same thing as you and would not move foward and will live a unhappy life. For example, living an unhappy life can make you do somethings thats bad and learning something and be both good and bad. It can be good because you will always learn from your mistakes. and it can also be bad because some people don't move on and they would rather take the easy road out.

My last reason on why i support this statement, people who try something new get to live a better life and be happy. people who live happy can influence other people to do the same thing. People who learn from there mistakes can prevent other people from also doing the same miskes you did. For example, when i was walking towards my bus stop i fell down from a spot were its slippery and i warn my sister who was also following me towards the bus stop to not step on that spot before she does the same mistakes i did. preventing other people from doing the same mistakes can help them take the right path and live a better life. helping out other people can make your feel better from your mistakes.

My conclution, people who learn something new are more succesful than the people who doesn't . people who learn new stuff in a subject they like. know more about it than than the person who is just there regulary and does the same thing without moving on. Not moving on and learning new thing can bring you a unhappy life and a boring one too.