I belive that students should be not requiered to take elective classes because elective classes are not importance so, student waste their time. Elective classes are nor riquiered for graduatio also, student will not dedicate time in thoes classes and they wiil get F and their gpa will came down. Studen will scape thoes classes because tey dont need thoes classes and they can be boring and they will get in problemes.

I belive that student should not take elective classes because elective classes are not importan. Students are wasting their time by taking thoes classes because beside thoes classes they can take others importan classes that can get a credit from. Elective classes should be opcional because some student wnated to finish theirs classes early and by taking elective classes they waste thair time. I think that the schools shoul do is give then the opcion if they wnated to take elective classes or they can take all their credit classes.

Elective classes are not riquiered for graduation so, the student will not take thoes classes seriously. Student will not do the work because they know that they don't need thoes classes and they have more imporatn work to do from the others classes that they need for their graduation. Student will get F and because of that their gpa will became down and that can affect then when they decide to go to college.

Some student will not go too thoes classes because they know that thay dont haveto pass them to graduate and thoes classes can be boring. Elective classes can be boring for soame student becuse their are some student that don't like music, drama or art some studnet like sport or some student what they wnat finish all their credit classes. Student that don't like thoes classes they will tride to scape thoes classes and they can get in big problems because of that. This can affect then in the future when they wanted to go to colllege or if they want to work in a federal job. This is a big problem and because of this they can lose a lot of oportunities. The schools shoul resolve this problem by making elective classes opcional.

Inconclusion student should not take elective classes because elective classes are not importan and student will not care. Becide elective classes student shoul have the opcion to take all their credit classes. Elective classes are nor requiered for graduation so, studen will not do the work and they will not go to thoes classes because it may be boring for some student. Some student will scape thoes classes because some student likeclasses like art, music or drama they my like sport. Studen will get in big prolems because they scape their classes and that can affect then in the future. Schools should do the best for their student and amke elective class opcional.