Educators say that students should have shorter breaks because, students don't retain information as easily when they return, its better if students spend more time in school rather than taking long breaks, summer breaks are better when they are shorter. Some students say having long breaks gives them time to relax and not having to worry about school for a couple of weeks is a good thing. One day on my summer break me and my friends were discussing on how much we love our long summer breaks. We also realized that having a long summer break is only fair because we spend so many hours in school everyday.

Summer breaks are better when they are shorter because, students dont forget as much information that they learned during school. Its better to come back and still remember the stuff you learned. Just imagine coming back after a 5 week break, I doubt students would be able to take a test right away. We need shorter breaks because if students spend to much time away from school they'll forget the important things they've learned. Students should consider spending more time in school rather than spending all there time on their breaks.

Spending more time in school is more important than spending longer weeks out of school not learning anything. Students must realize that their education is more important than spending time off of school. School teaches us what we need to know for the future, it prepares us for the next stage of life. They need to realize that they need to learn us much as they can, the more effort put into school work and learning the better the outcome. Life shows us that you can't just get a job without knowing anything, you can't sign up if you don't know your basic math or basic reading. Some students think school is a waste of time but honestly it's preparing us for the stuff we need to know.

Students do not retain information as easily when they return. Those long breaks really take a toll on the students, they return to school and don't have a clue on how to solve a basic problem. The more time students have out of school the more it drains their memory on what they've learned. Coming back on an empty brain not knowing anything isn't good at all because what if a student had an exam on the day he or she returned, do you think they'd pass? Having a shorter break would improve a lot of things.

In conclusion, it'd be so much better if breaks were shorter than they usually are. Students would be able to come back and easily answer a question and get it right. The less time on break the better, school should be the main priority for students. Im sure that some of the students would love to pass their classes. Overall we know that having a shorter break would improve the learning skill for all students. I agree that our breaks should be shorter so we could stay on track and keep p our good work.  