Often times, some people do not want to do or complete their work. Even though, people know that they should do their work everyday in order to get success. So most of them usually force themselves to be successful. However, there are some people who do not do the things that they must do. It could be a work about anything; school, job or even house work. In my opinion, life would be much easier for those who do not always do their work, if they had the ability to get up and try to accomplish stuff instead of being lazy or idle.

First of all, imagine someone who has the capacity of understanding and doing everything but inactive and irresponsible. Second of all, imagine someone else who is not clever as the other person but hardworking and militant. Is it possible for the avarage minded and hardworking person to be better and more successful than the genious and lazy person? It is possible because the key of success is not just being genious or smart. It depends on how someone could handle the responsibility by always doing the stuff that they should do. Furthermore, not even hardworking but working daily and smartly will help people to accomplish more and that is the actual key.

A depressed person could be different from others which is a graet example for this topic. As some of us know, depression is a serious disorder which might effect the person's daily life. Some symptoms of depression are feeling fatigue, exhausted, hopeless, numb, worthless or not wanting to do anything such as getting out of the bed or doing the things that you normally like. Moreover, there are some other issues such as sleeping and eating problems. These symptoms and feelings generally leads to problems like failing and being more stressul. A depressed person might look lazy for some people, but depressed people usually cannot control their fatigue and their feelings. The reason of being inactive mostly comes from their disorder and it becomes a loop. Therefore, the main idea is that depressed people are usually being inactive and refuse to do what they always have to do even if they want to do it. However when they are in this cycle, they don't realize that they are failing. I know how this loop goes because i have been experiening depression disorder.

Could someone accomplish things without doing everyday or most the time? Yes they could, however it would not be the same. For example, a student must do his homework and classwork on the time in order to get good grades. Let's assume that the student did not study and do the homeworks in a year. Would it be productive as studying everyday? Of course not, just imagine how many extra good grades would he get. He might graduate in both ways but the difference would be dissapointing. Who wouldn't want to go to a better collage or get a better job? Therefore, people should try to do whatever they can do to accomplish first. After doing everything it is okay to fail and feel relief.

In my opinion, one of the most important thing is doing things step by step. It explains how someone could get better day by day. For examle, saving money shows how could someone accomplish things by doing step by step. People usually do not care about coins, however if a person saves them everyday then the coins would turn into giant numbers. Step by step someone could learn a whole new language in a year by trying everyday. There are a lot of examples like this but people must learn how important is to do something everyday. There are some people who cannot even do those. In conclusion, people might become or done something by being inactive, however it doens't mean that they should ignore the fact that how much they would accomplish by being active.