Some students may think that taking classes online is the best thing for them. Meanwhile, the other half of students think going to school suits them the most. I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because it would be easier for them to stay focused, give themselves as much time as possible, and get to know what the best and correct choice is for them.

Majority of the time kids struggle focusing in a class full of friends and strangers, which causes them to lose focus in the assignments they're given and start having conversations with other classmates. Some know that they're the type of person that can't keep their mind in one certain place, so their minds wonder off into a whole different planet. Meanwhile the other half of students know that they're capable of staying focused no matter what the situation is. Doing work online though, prevents all of that from happening. It gives students time to think about what exactly it is that they're doing and need to get done, and prevent any mistakes from happening on a certain task or assignment. Staying focusing is very important, if students stay focused then they'll get things done in time or even done before the actual due date or time, and not have to worry about doing it later on.

Giving them enough time as possible to get tasks done is important. Most teachers will give you a certain time limit to get things done, which of course will cause them to get it done in the certain amount of time they were given so that they get it all done as quick as possible. Online on the other hand, can also have certain due dates and times that you have to turn work in but you're more relaxed and calm about things because you have more time in your hand and can think things more in depth, instead of just having to think of things right out of the top of their heads. Doing things on their own time and paste is best for any student, they can find it easier to concentrate and don't have to think oh no I still haven't finished this, or it's almost time to hand it in but i'm barely done with the first section.

As students spend more time alone, they sometimes tend to think about what's best for them as an individual. Some might say that, they work better independently, because they know they aren't able to handle being around other students 24/7, losing their ability to focus, or just hate being around people in general because they know what others are capable of. Whereas, other students may think the opposite and feel like they can work being around other people no matter what type of situation they're in. Just working alone can get them to really go in some deep thinking about what's the best descision for them and know what's going to be the best choice in the future or even in the present.

In conclusion, I think attending classes from home has plenty of benefits, like giving students more time to think, having a lot more time to focus, and getting to know whats best for them. Just imagine being in a class full of 100 students everyday, all talking at the same exact time and yelling across the classroom trying to get friends attention, what would you do? 