Imagine being asked to teach a lesson but actually teaching it to elementary students. It would be a very helpful for the students that are struggling. I conquer with the person that is going to go and share the lesson. I am going to give you specific details and examples about the things I would do if I was he or she going to share the lesson with elementary students and why it should be important.

One way that I agree by sharing a lesson to other students is important. This can be more helpful because the other teacher before that taught the students maybe didn't explain very well and the students were probably were confused the whole time or some of them were lackadaisical. And the new teacher that is going to teach the lesson to the students probably is a better explained and a probably has good and more skills. He or she maybe been called from many different schools and different states and asking if he or she can go teach a lesson to their students but if the teacher agrees with it.

Another way I could be more helpful for the students by asking their teacher if I can see the whole students grades that are in the class and the people that are struggling and make a group lesson with them. The teacher should tell the students to write down notes when the teacher is writing them down too. The teacher should give the students homework and tell them to bring it back and check it and see if they have gotten better with the way the teacher is helping them more or not. The teacher should give a form to the students parents for the ones that are struggling and asking them permission if they want the teacher to help them more in what they are struggling more in. So the students can get their grade up and better in the SOL's.

My last thing that I would do to be more specific and very useful is to give the students tests of the things they have been struggling with and see if they have gotten more better and see if the teacher has done a good job to the students. The teacher should give meetings to the student teachers and more lessons so they don't need to call for a better teacher than them. And its better if the teachers can get taught so they can be more specific in what the students asks them. All the teachers of the elementary should all go take lessons to teach better and get quizzed like their students.

I explained why it is important to share a lesson to other students. Some of the students got better and some didn't but at least they tried and put effort in it. All my reasons should help why a teacher should share a lesson with other students. The students should be more grateful for the teacher that came and helped them out. These are all my examples I would do if I was the one sharing a lesson.