In this life, all of us have moments that we want to give up, Just beacuse we fail in something that maybe is not really important I know some things are important, but that is not the point because we fail to learnd of it and to be stronger person. Although some say be a failure is always a failure, actually be failure is an important role to play to be success because everytime we fail we learnd about it, that give us more reasons to continue and we also got more experience about it.

Those who believe that be a failure is always a failure have their reasons. They believe that a person who fail once always are going to in life, even if they do the same thing every time. They also believe that those people does not think in huge things that is why they never success.

The main reason to be success from be a failure to be a failure is that everytime we fail, we learnd about it and that give us more reasons to continue. I know a lot of people that it being trying to make their dreams came true; at some point they think that they never are going to make it, no matter how hard is they never give up. One of those people is me, I fail a lot times in my short period of lifes' time. When I was 16 years old I got my first baby, at that time was so hard for me to attend school because sometimes my son was sick, doctor's appoitments and a lot of times I do not have anybody to take care him while I was in school for that reason this is my 6th year in High School. But leave school was not an options beacuse one of my goals is to graduate from High School. I know that I been in High School for a long time but is worth it because I learnd a lot more them I though because as we know english is a difficult for a person like me that did not know anything about the language when came here, When I was 14 years old. sometimes it is hard to be a positive person who thinks that every time fails it is for one good reason to be better.

Another reason that is important to be a failure first to be more successful in our lifes is that we also got more experience about it and we can be a better examples for ours kids and other people. my cousin has a friend, that he when he was 17 years old their parents brought a car for him. When he turn 19 years old that start give him some problems and he want to fix by him self; as he keep trying to fix it my cousin ask him, why he does not want to take his care to a mechanic, his friend respond that he want to fix it because his dream was to be a mechanic. Months laters my cousin's friend could not find what was the problem of his car, he was very disappoited with him self and my cousin remind him what was he told him when he ask why he does not want to take his car to a mechanic. Them he realize that my cousin was right about it. Finally he made it, he fix his car, and now he is the best mechanic of the city. This is a big example how much a people can learnd about their own fails. I think most people does not learnd about other people's example because we have to have our own fails to learnd and be what we want to be in life.

In conclusion, we can be a failure whitout loss enthusiasm because when we fails, and learnd what we do wrong, that give us the enthusiasm to do it again. Fail once or two, even three that does not mean that is the end of the world; if we have life we have time to do it again and be success. I think in life everyone is a failure because life consist to fail and got up again. Those are big example of how life made us to fail and give us the oportunity to got again it is like a game you have to practice to be a fantastic gamer. It is worth it when you loss something to gain somenthing more value like is be successs.                                               