Technology is the best way to contact your family members . For example in emergency and on special occassions like religous holidays , birthdays, anniversary, wedding that you didn't have time to attend . Also you can contact them if some one far away from you is in the hospital or someone died in your family you can contact one of your family maembers to see what is happening at the house at that moment.

Also You can play games on your phone or listen to music while you are going some where in the car or in the airplane. Also you can order food from your favourite restaurante to eat at home or at the hotel you are satying at. Therefor you can check out books from your phone and read from your book on your phone. also you can book a hotel room from the technology now days or you can also take pictures and send them to your love ones.

Another example can be that where ever you are in the world you can order anything from online store.

Like makup kits, dresses or other things from the online store. Also you can purchase movie tickets , zoo tickets or you can go on a cruise with family. Also you can purchase tickets to travel to your dream country and do fun stuff there.

Technology is also bad , because what ever you post on social media it will go everywhere and everone would see what are you doing and what are you up to basically the photos you take of yourself and you post it on social media the people are going to see it and it probably hurt you future career or your job that you are in. Also technology is bad , because people out there are literlly photshoping what ever you post basically girls , because they do inpropreate things with the photos of girls.

Another example of why is technology is bad. It's bad , because of cyberbullying. People bully other people on social media and the people who are getting bullied can't do anything ,because the people who are doing bullying. they don't know who they are if the people who are getting bullied said something to the bully they will do something wrong with them.

So that's why technology is good and bad try to avoid these things lif you want to post something out there just be aware of those people who do all these kind of things like cyberbulling and photoshopping. The good thing can be that make a personal file and keep the photos or only send to your family members and try to avoid social media,