The power to be successful in life is hard because it isn't always given to you easily you have to work for it to achieve in life. You have to go threw all the good and bad obstacles to grow successfully. If you have high expectations and a positive mindset then good opportunities will be handed to you. You don't need to have money in your life to be successful as long as your a hard worker everything will have a good outcome.

When you go through all the good and bad obstacles you learn along the way that it will take time. It won't be easy and it won't happen overnight. Every baby step you take is getting you closer and closer to your achievement. Having faith in god will help you get through all the obstacles you have been struggling along the way and guide you to the right direction. God put's you through all these obstacles because he wants to test your strengths and weaknesses all you need to do is put your head down and walk right through them. You need failure in order to understand the purpose of life.

Having high expectations and a positive mindset leads you to new chapters in life. When your passionate about something you love doing every negative outcome will come towards you and you have to work ten times harder. There are people who love and support you in every decision you decide to take they just want the best for you. Having them as a support system makes you think to yourself you have a purpose in life and the reason why you continue to do the things you love to do. Your parent's expect you to have high expectations because they wanna be proud of the person you are becoming. You are becoming someone that has great things to achieve in the future all the hard you have worked and put effort into has finally paid off because you worked really hard into getting exactly where you wanted to be that makes you an achiever.

You don't need to be wealthy family in order to be successful. You can come from a poor family and have big dreams and goals and work your way up. All that doesn't define who you are. People can criticize you in every way and make fun of what economy your living in to them as long as your humble and know you are successful without the value of the money in the world you are already successful. Money does not have value in being successful it's all a fantasy people are living in. Money can make a thousands of people happy and handed to them freely but if they haven't worked hard enough for it what value does that money have? In order to be successful in life you need to be humble, an achiever, and a hard worker. All those things make you successful without the value of money.

In conclusion, the value of money, wealthiness, and all the good and obstacles you battle and push through finally paid off you now have the power to be successful in life because even though you fell in every step of the way and sweated through the obstacles you can now be proud of the effort you made and got you to the finish line. All those challenges was to prepare you for the future and help you have a better understanding in life.