Based on what I read in the sentence. What he said is something very important because there are a lot of people that spend their life. Doing just one thing, they never try something new they mind be thought the in the future wouldbe use less or they just don't feel like they actully need it but if you get more experiences you will grow as a person and besed on experiences too.

For example. When you start growing u learn a lot of things that make you a better person. You know that there is a person that want to learn new things, even if he's young but you know things like that adults know that make you be a older person. In the way that you know things that persons that have you same age not , but you know that you have some other responsabilities, because based on what you know you life have to about on that things that you know or you make or that things that you learn.

For example, you go to school that is a place where you learn and where you been intul you graduate because if you know more you have more oportunities to be succecful, and i'm agree on his coment why? let told you the reason. A lot of people never try new things like if you are a teacher and after like 5 years you don't feel like to teach more. you can try to be something else that help you to grow more based on experiences because if you try more things like other jobs or try to study something else like gona be rich on experience because many people sometimes get stuck on one thing but everything in this world have a solution but to get your goals is not a easy thing you have to sacrifed many things that you love.

For example your hoobies or your family or other events, but at the end of the day you have everything you ever wish becuse you deservet and you work so hard to get it. And you start see the succes that you have. You would see that all you did to get there was correct and that make you grow because you have more experience. Nothing is inpossible. For example if you are the owner of a little restaurant and you want to your restaurant grow more, and more but you remenber that you study bussines and also you work for a restaurant and on that restaurant you were a manager, so you have the experience and if you know how spend money and you make a good marketing plan you can be succesfull and you will growing as a person and as experiences.

In addition I think he's right becuase how I been saying if you know more you have experience and you can a have better jobs and that way you growing you have oportunities more chances to be a better on your life and unless you try something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. Based on your experiences.