Is it a good idea to allow cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes?

When talking about technology we always think about social media,Video games,and news. Most of the time when schools allow students to use their cell phones in class,or work on assigment in apps on their phones it always end up in kids not doing their work and failing the assigments. As a matter fact this can cause in many classroom a viariarity of conflics as people not having phones, or students disturbing the ones who are actually doing their work.

Most kids at school don't have any electronic devices,which is going to make it harder for them to lear at the same rate as the others. If schools use cell phones very often students that does not have phones would get different results from the other students that are using cell phones in class for projects etc. Also it can cause a big distration,because most of the time students don't usually do their work,yet they start doing other things as looking at social media,watching videos,and other things that are not related with the assigments they suppost to be doing .

Using cell phones in class can be at the same time a benefit to support kids get more related, and comfortable with technology. For example in collage you always have to do your classwork or assigments online,so this means you have to be able to manage them properly and learn how to use them as well. Mostly in High Schools you have more freedom to use cell phones in class for educational porpuses. It's more easy for teachers to reach the students attention and get them understand what they are trying to teach via online. As they can get Assigments via Email,and get students to do classwork as well. Also they can get most of the students interested in the class by using this electronic devices. Another big reason why students should be allow to use their cell phones in class it's because,Most of the students in schools are from different countries and somethimes they don't understand the language,and this can cause them to stay far behind in class. Mostly for them it's hard to stay at the same rate as the other students. This is why most of the schools allow the techers let students use apps in their cell phones as Goggle translate to help them undernstand and not stay behing in the assigments.

In conclution using cell phones in class could be very helpfull for many students,it can also help them understand how to use them responsibly,but they also can cause a lot of distractions when teachers try to get their attention or try to prebents students for doing others things they are not allow to be doing.