Would you choose to fail for somebody else's ideas and not your own?

Although some say that people should seek guidance from people that have experience about life because they have become more wise with the years, actually people should make their own decisions because you already know what you want for your life and if you fail will be for your own decision and not on somebody else.

Some say that people should seek guidance from experts that have experience about life because they have become wise with the years. Old people like my grandfather for example, he always told me that the best way to accomplish something you really want is by giving the best of us and not wait for other people to do it for you because that is not going to happen.

In reality people should make their own decisions about what to do with their lives because you already have an idea about how you really want to be or what you want for your life to be in the future. When my brother was about to finish high school he tried to get an advice from somebody about what to do with his life, but my father was always working and my mom had not experience about life because she had taken some bad decisions in life. So my brother had to follow his instincts and take a decision in his own. Now he graduated from high school and he started an academy to be a police officer one day.

Some people say that it is better to fail by taking our own decisions and not fail because of decisions that other people take for us. I still remember my aunt Generic_Name she always wanted to be a cloth designer but she did not take her own decision and now she is still working and making some more money then a cloth designer, but she is not completely happy with her job because she followed some other people ideas and she did not think on what she really wanted for her life.

In conclusion it is better to follow your ideas because that way we will do what we really want for our lives and not what other people tell you to do even if they haven more experience sometimes is just better to follow your instincts. Seek guidance from experts that have a lot of experience about life is not always the best thing to do because if you follow their ideas you will not work on what you want. Although everything you need to succeed is to follow your dreams.