Introduction:

Author Ralph Waldo Emerson "Unless you try to do something, beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow". One thing that is really important in life is School because is the second place that we learn about how we can be respectful, responsible, honest and education. The second thing is Work- Independent because when we are always with our family is simple because we don't know how is the reality in the life. We were dependent but work include be prepare to have new experiences in our personal life and we are prepare to the future. The third thing is Life Cycle when we are baby, kids, teenagers, adults and older.

The first is School (experiences) In our life school is important because teachers educate we and we learn of them about the classes like english when we travel to any country that speak this language we need to learn by process every day inside and outside the class because we improve with new topics like verbs, punctuation marks in school porcess. Teachers teach good values in our life like integrity, respectful, honest, responsible, service. For example, when we start to study we don't know how to write, read, paint, speak. They teach we everything like our parents at home. We decide when we grow up if we want graduate from the school,those values efforts, dedication, knowledge, good skills and new opportunities if we do everything correct inside and outside the school because we can't stop growing the opportunites that we can have is only one time in the life.

Education is very important now in the present because if we go to school we are professionals and we can have good choices. Second is Work being independent in the life our parents work all the time because they want that we can have a good life, but when we go to work is interesting for example when we continue going to the school our parents can't give money all the time and we think like adults being independent, finding a job and learn about the life not is simple and is hard at the same time. Our future dependent if we want to think like adults or teenagers. We can be master helping other people that need our help those people will grateful with we because if we try to help each other we know everything from life experiences, when we go to school they pay better with a diploma from High School, College or University.

Finally is Life Cycle when we are babies our parents teach we every process for example how to go to the restroom, brush our tooth, take a shower, speak, walk, eat for example when is the time for go to the dinning room. The time when we need go to sleep is relly important learn every little thing that our parents teach we when we are baby. We discovere a new stair that already we can be mastered. Kids for example after when we were baby in a simple thing we discovered new things, but being kids we continue in a easy way the life like speak, walk, eat, sleep, change our clothe not is difficult because we learn in the past, we try to do something beyond that we don't know before. Teenagers when we think that the life is hard going to the school, work, family, not is easy because is more responsability, efforts being stronger and continue doing those things is very different from the past. Adults is more difficult when we were baby, kids and teenagers because adults are charge of the family, work, pay, education,

responsabilitys in the job and home. Adults are dependent because they learn the good things from the past for example when teenager want permission for go to any party adults really need to know what person is, where is from, the personality and who is her/his family,

in any moment like that is really difficult to say yes or no. Adults are important in the society because they are master and grow from the Life Cycle. Older like grandmother and father they already know that grow not is easy but they did every step in a good form going the school, work - independent. Old people in sometimes need help from younger people like the family can be sister, brother, son, wife and daughter because they are tired and need space to relax like going to the park sharing with his/her family and friends. In this last thing if we try something different we can have a positive life.

In conclusion:

We can try being a better person in our life because every step is very important maybe in sometimes life is hard but if we learn in a correctly form everything like going to the school is a new experience, work - independent teach we being stronger and not be afraid, life cycle is the process from every step when we were baby, kids, teenagers, adultd and older. We grow every moment that can be easy or difficult. We need to be dependent to grow up, master everything helping other people in the world. I agree with the author because I know if we stop growing is very impossible to have new experiences in our life. Unless we try to do something different and intersting in our life we can a better chance to do good things can be in the present or in the future, for the new generation that can have good opportunities in school, job and with the society. 