Some studies had say that, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students that attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Classes online or video conferencing are a way to learn for all type of students throughout their lives, even when they are college students. Online courses have helped a lot of students to graduate on time, and with the necessary education.

Students that attempt classes from home by way of online can benefit by learning as if they were at a regular school, however, other don't take advantage of it. Some parents believe that online courses do not help students to get the right education because students can get distracted very easily with what is happening in their surroundings. Other half of parents, believe that online courses are an amazing way for students; because they can finish their school courses at home while they can be able to help at home, or even while they have a job.

For example, many students that attempt to a regular school are more focused, and integrate to their education. Also, attempting to face to face classes is easier than learning a class online. You can learn so much quicker, ask all the questions you may have, and even work along with your classmates.

Another example, online courses are definitely not for every student, most students do not focused, and some get distracted very easily. Also, a lot of students do not benefit from an online class because they do not give all their effort to learn. They focused more on what is happening in their surroundings, and even they can fell sleep. Sometimes is really hard to focus when there are things going on surround us but it only takes a lilttle of effort.

Students that actually benefit from an online class is because they are interested on passing that class, and want to learn as more as possible; putting all the effort, focus, and heart on it.

As a conclusion, students that attemt to classes from home by a way of online or video coferencing can benefit from it and most can't. It takes a lot of effort and focus to learn from an online class, and that is a something most students do not have. 