This wise man once said "There will always be a person in your life who shares wisdom with you". There is a least one person in your life that shares wisdom with you. You really trust that person because they also share experiences with you that they have gone through tat maybe are similar to what your going through. Someone that shares wisdom with me is my mom by telling me what is good for me or not, she always is there to give me good advice, and when ever I need to talk to her she is there for me and understands me.

One reason that my mom shares wisdom with me is by telling me what is good for me or not. For example, there was this time where I was hanging around with people that I wasn't supposed to. My mom noticed that I was not acting the same. I was acting really rebellious and I wasn't being the person I used to be. One day, my mom decided to sit me down and talk to me about how I was acting lately. She told me that I had to be hanging out with people who were a good influence because the people that I was currently hanging around were just being a bad influence in my life. I thought that what my mom was saying was right because I was getting in a lot of trouble that time. I decided to follow what my mom had told me because I know that all she wants for me is good things not bad things. Additionally, there was this other time where my friend had told me if I wanted to go to a birthday party with her. I told her I was going to ask my mom because I know thats the right thing to do. I asked my mom if I could go, but she said no. I started complaining about it but at the same time I knew that my mom had said no for a good reason. That night, my mom ended up telling me why she had said no. She had said no because she didn't want me to be one of those group of people that are never in their house not spending time with their family. She said she made that decision because she wanted good things for me not bad things and I understood what she meant.

Furthermore, my second reason that my mom shares wisdom with me is that she always is there to give me good advice. For example, one day I told my mom that I wanted to be doctor when I finished school. She told me that to achieve that goal in life I had to be a person who always did the right things. That if I didn't do what I was supposed to do that the goal of being a doctor was going to get destroyed and was going to take a much more longer time to get that goal achieved again. I don't want that to happen because I want to be a successful doctor. I am going to keep in mind the piece of advice that my mom gave me because I know she is right about it. When I end up achieving that goal I am always going to remember the advice. Additionally, she also gave me another good advice. The advice she gave me was to respect others and I will get respected back by those people. It is really important to respect others because everyone deserves to get respected. I know I wouldn't like that other people disrespected me. That's why I have to show respect to them and that's how I will gain respect back. I knew that what my mom had told me was right.

Finally, the third reason that my mom shares wisdom with me is that she is always there for me and understands me. For example, one day I got into a fight with my friend. We both didn't talk to each other for a long time. I decided to talk to my mom about what had about between my friend and me. I told her everything she said to me and everything I said to her. My mom understood what had happened between both of us, but she said it wasn't right to be mad at friends because it could distract you from a lot of things because you're thinking about it very often. My mom told that I had to talk to my friend about what had happened between both of us and if I needed anything she was going to be here for me and understand what I'm going through. A second example is that there was this time where I was studying for an exam, but I was stressing out because I didn't get anything we had learn that unit. My mom saw me stressing out and calmly sat me down and asked me why I was stressing out. I told her the reason why and she understood me because she said that when she was in school she also stressed out over things she didn't know. She said that I had to have confidence in myself and just try to remember what I had learned and use strategies. I liked the fact that my mom understood what I was going through.

Whenever I need to talk she is always there for me and understands me, she always there to give me good advice, and tells me what is good for me or not are the ways that my mom shares wisdom with me. My mom is always there for me when I need her. She is the person I got to for advice because I know the advises she gives me are going to make me someone better. I know my mom wants good things for me and not bad things. Overall, these are some ways my mom shares wisdom with me.