Everyone knows that, some people have experience in what they do. But sometimes those persons does not feel sure in their skills. Persons with talent are in everywhere. As soon as, they know their limit of work. Having experience is a good signal for the person to continue. Ralph Emerson is a famous writer. He wrote a saying that make you think about growing. The reason of grow is because the person get experience in their work. I agree with that Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered you will never grow. The person never grow when is doing something that already have a mastered because the person already have experience, do not need to do it again and never know that already have it done.

To begin, the person already have experience. With the experience the person can advance in their work. The person can look for a good position in their job because of the expereince the person gain of working hard. There is no need to do something that the person already did. The negative mind brings someone to think that they can't do it and they keep trying. Even thought they have already mastered. With this experience the person can use for teach someone, to share and then keep going. So, learn something new. When a student ask you for help in Science and you had A last year in that class because you have alredy mastered. The person decide to share and help the student teching by the knowledge and experiences of the person have.

Moreover, the person do not need to do it again. That means the person already did it. The persons do not grow when they still doing the same thing. The lack of their believes is a hard rock to pass. That means firsly, they need to start believe in their skills and they will get an amazing result of their work. The experience is just a step for the person to keep going and don't stay in the same problem or place. Do things that already have mastered is boring for some persons. If the person learn something new in class than, the person can continue with another topic. Don't do it again because the person is not going anywhere. The student did a test and this have a B+ in the grade book. But the student is not happy because doesn't have exactly an A. The student decide to retake the test because he thinks that can have an A. It is not good for the student because not everyone has to get A in the grade book even though B+ is a very good grade and there's no need to do the test again.

Lastly, never know that the person have it done. If the person does not know when they finished then, they will get a bad result. They need to know when they finished their goal for not keep going. Have a mental carefull in what the person is doing one of the most important thing. As soon as, they know the truth of the person's experience it may the person grow. Look at the life cycle the things never stop growing. So, the person have the same path to follow. Do something that you have already mastered, don't make the person grow. Simple, the person do their work, get experienced, finished and keep going. An student that likes to do everything with details and want to get an excellent grade have a project. The project is to talk just about the two strand in DNA. The students have the option of write an essay or present inslides by doing it in PowerPoint. The student decide to wrote an essay everything was good in the essay. But the student decide to do the project in slides too. So, the student present both to the teacher by the due date. By the end of the semestre the student look the grade book and check the grade of the project. The student have an D because the student turn the two ways to turn in the project. When just the essay was enogh.

In conclusion, if the person continue doing the same thing that have already mastered, the person never grow up. The person need to be positive and know well the experience of the person have. Follow the life cycle. Don't stop and continue working hard. Have experience, the mind of not keep doing the same and don't know when the person have it done. This are some reason of the why the person is not growing. Growing is part of our environment life. Don't lack your mind. 