Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Taking classes from home is helpful for some students. Taking classes from home make you have more time to finish. Students can gain rest when they feel tired. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students will cheat, students need the teacher to explain, and student would not take it serious.

First, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students will cheat. For example, Generic_Name use to take classes from home when he was in high school. Generic_Name use the phone to cheat every time they gave him a test. At the end of the school Generic_Name takes SOL for the class that he use to take it in home. He fails the Sol, because he didn't understand any thing. Taking class from home will cause the students to cheat.

Second, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students need the teacher to explain if they don't understand. For example, Generic_Name use to take classes that he need it to graduate from home. Generic_Name use to skip some lessons because he didn't understand it. He needs a teacher to explain it because it was hard for him to understand it. Sometimes students can't understand without teachers being with them.

Some people say, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because it gave the students the opportunity to think. This point has merit because students think about things that they can't think about it when they are in school. Nowadays, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because student would not take it serious. For example, Generic_Name is lazy boy that he does not do his work in time. He use to take classes from home that he need it to graduate. Because he was a lazy boy, he use to not do it. Generic_Name does not take this class serious, so he fail the class.

Last, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students will cheat, students need the teacher to explain, and student would not take it serious. Students use to cheat when they attend classes from home because there is no one stop them from cheating. Teachers can explain the thing easily, so students can't find a teacher when he/she attend classes from home. Students can be more serious when they are in school. Attend classes from home is not helpful for students.                                 