Technology has open many windows of opportunity around the whole world. With the use of technology we can complete many tasks without having contact with others. It allow us to communicate, shop online, play games, learn and many more extravagant stuff. The one million dollar question is has this limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives?

Technology has had a positive effect on people's lives. The use of technology does limit us to human contact but, it also allow us to discover new innovations and learning new things. If we would've never had a little bit of limitation to create these amazing things with technology we would still be living in the era of Ice Age . I understand that technology may have a negative effect on are limitation to others but, if we use it right we could meet insanity of humans with use of technology.

Communication is something very vital around the whole world. A phone, computer, Smart - watch , or social media are major things we use to contact with others. Because cell phones we can be in Virginia and text or talk to someone in South America or anywhere in the world. Not everyone has the money or time travel to see a person or family member. Innovations like this make families or people come closer when they most need them. For example, a holiday is coming up and you wanna see your family . But, you don't have any money to go see your love one's . So your best bet is to call, face - time, Skype, or other social media.

Learning is the base of are life. The more information we get taught the more we learn. Technology plays a big role on us learning to are highest potential. Because of technology you don't have attend a school ; you can take online classes if you don't have the time to attend a school. From the comfort of your home you could even graduate to become a great scientist. Inventions like this allow us to learn and communicate with each other without having human contact.

Technology is something that everyone uses on a daily bases. Kids nowadays as young as 3 are able to use a cell phone or tablet with no problem. Each and every single day technology gets better and more efficient. Making the future more easy and more communicative. Just imagine what the the future beholds upon us.              