Did you know that most of the modern technology can be as addictive as drugs?

Technology is an Idea of making new inventions that are better and stronger to make future life easier. Modern technology includes inventions like: Cell phones,computers, and video games which can be a positive and a negative effect at the same time.

Although technology makes it easier to check out books,shop, and play games without speaking to any other person, recent research shows that technology is one of the biggest distractions for children,teens, and adults.

Technology can be used for good causes and bad causes at the same time. A cell phone is used for communications from inside and outside of the country without meeting in person which is a really useful and great invention of technology, but because of modern technology cell phones include more than just communicating with someone. It includes: Text messages,games,apps, and even music which can lead to a bad cause because it can be addictive and destructive. Recent research shows that cell phones are the number one cause of car accidents for teenagers because of its destruction.

Most of the technology can have negative effect. Most research shows that violent video games causes mental health problems,shootings,and even suicides. Even though this statement hasn't been proved, It can be true by the fact that violent video games include weapons,blood, and brutal shooting scenes.

Some of the technology can also be dangerous. For example: Guns,knifes,nukes, and other bombs or weapons. These type of technology leads to wars between the countries and even the whole world, It can also lead to shootings or mass shootings.

Technology has also helped people from the beginning since 1000's of years ago. For example: Before the invention of fire people would freeze to death,eat uncooked food, and couldn't see anything in the dark, but the invention of fire made all that possible. Technology is still helping make life easier for today and the future. For example: by the Inventions of cars,planes, and boats we are able to travel and transport easier and faster than ever.

In conclusion technology is one of the best Ideas. It depends how someone decides to use the technology. People can decide to make the technology useful for them selves and everyone else or someone can decide to use it for a bad advantage and bad causes.