The benefits of working in as a group or working alone.

I believe working as a group is more beneficial for the students.

My friend Generic_Name is very capable of doing school work by himself.

However, even he needed others help to understand somethings.

I am very capable of doing a school project by myself.

However, even I could use some one else's input in the matter.

I believe working together as a group is beneficial .

For example, my friend Generic_Name he is a very smart person.

He was on the top of the class with grades but, even he could not do it by himself.

One day the teacher assigned us projects.

Generic_Name decided to do it alone.

On the due date, which was later that week Generic_Name turned in the project.

The teacher told him he failed he did not understand why.

The teacher later on the day took him aside and explained that he was not understanding the question.

He asked her how he could make up the points for the failed project.

Two weeks after that she assigned another project.

She took Generic_Name aside and said ' this time work with somebody".

Generic_Name listed so he asked somebody to work with him.

The day the project was due, he was nervous because he does not work with people often.

The teacher told him they got a perfect score.

The teacher took him aside and told him why he passed.

She told him he passed because when you have more than just one persons input.

Things become clear so when you do not understand something that other person's input can help.

Another reason I believe working as a group helps is when I was in high school we were assigned a two part project.

The first part I had to do by self.

I got it done when the due date came the teacher told us to pick a partner.

I picked a friend of mine, Generic_Name.

The teacher told us to compare our papers.

However, our paper even though they were on the same subject, they were very different.

She later told us to now write a paper on the same subject but working together.

When we were all done with the two parts she told everyone to rotate their papers to the right once.

Everyone passed them on the teacher then told the whole class to read all three papers and to pick which one made more sense.

When every one was done they all picked the one that made the most sense and gave it to her.

Every single one of those papers she got were all the one people worked on together.

She then asked the class why they did not pick the other one.

They all said because the other papers were one sided as in only one perspective.

Some students may say working alone is better.

However, Generic_Name and I both learned that in some places you need two sides to a story, argument and debate.

If I would have gone on with my life thinking the way I thought before I worked with some one, it would be very different in some perspective.

My friend Generic_Name's life would have been very different too.

Thanks to the team work skill and the skill to listen to other peoples side, Generic_Name and I can make decision with some one instead of just making it alone.

I recommend you talk to your teacher about this and get more group projects going.

Talk to your parents about how you could use those skills in the outside world, become surprised by how much you use them, and by how easier your life become.

When you do not have to make decision alone, decision making becomes much easier.