First impressions are more effective, and can be enough to break relationships. First impressions are possible to change. People are more knowledgeable nowadays it can not be easy to change their minds. People are not believing anything easily at first impressions. It is possible to change through: speech, proves, and loyalty.

Comparing to past people are more educated. They can convince people back from first impressions through their speech. According to the speech, it describes how his speech was con vincible. "I got nothing: no power, no money, but my loyalty and love to my country". (Afghan Presidential Candidate) It explains how speech can change minds. Speeches can be strong enough to win or loss. Speech can be more effective to convince someone back from first impressions.

Proves can be a reason to change first impressions. Nowadays people are not believing easily. They want some proofs to trust. According to the quote, it says how can proofs be more valuable than first impressions. "I saw the video recording today, and I realized that he is not guilty". (ACB Bank Manager) This part describes how proofs can change someone life and first impressions. Proofs can be more effective and reasonable to change first impressions.

Loyalty can be the main thing to change first impressions. People can be more close to other people through loyalty. According to the speech, it shows how loyalty can win someone trust. "I would have not forgive anyone, but since you are involve in it I can change my decision." (AXC Security co Supervisor) It is hard to gain trust but to be loyal its easy to have everyone's trust. Loyalty can change someone's first impressions.

It is possible to change first impressions. Great speeches can change someone idea and their first impressions. Proves are one of the strong reason for changing first impressions. Loyalty is one of the important reason and can be enough to change first impressions. First impressions are changeable. We can change our first impressions anytime we want. We do not have to take action on first impressions, because it can not be strong reason to decide.