Changing the cafeteria lunch menu is a really bad idea because not all students may eat the food, students may have a aligick reaction and that can be really bad for the students,and students would throw away all the food causeing the school losing money on trying to make the kids happy.

In this stage of life, people/students are so picky these days. Students would look in there food to make sure that the food is pertfecty right. If the food smells werid or the food looks nasty most students would throw it away or they would just not touch it and starve until they get home. Me Generic_Name, im a really picky guy, if im going to eat something i want that too look perfeshonal.

Schools should leave the school menus alone because you may not know but some kids have alergys. Students when they have something like that they think it is a werid thing to have but its peryfically fine and normal. Kids that are in school dont like telling people what they have in side them because they are scared that students would make fun of them. Thats why schools should leave the menus alone because they dont know the right information about the students.

Some schools around the world have money to ah ford a lot of things for the students. Schools want to change the lunch menus for the students so they can be more happy in what they eat. But what they do not know there is so many kids that are picky, so they dont eat the food and throw it away. That is not good for the school because they are losing money and its not worth doing that, if the studnets do not appreciate the new food the schools are trying to give them, the schools should use the money on something else that the kids would like.

Schools should just leave the lunch menus how it is because schools are not getting the information they wanted back. The schools are wasting money, kids are not eating the food and are throwing it away, students have alergys so in order for all that not to happen, schools should leave the menus alone and not even bother to change it. Schools saves more money, students stay happy, and no student would get sick.