Have you event been told that you had to chose a career before high school. I have, and I say we as young adult should pace ourselfs and not rush this important life decision so early. Because that decision de the person and the time, not important for take one career. Each young person has a decision to purse a career or not because it is optional.

First of all I disagree whit this idea, because young students are more like to listen what adults tell them to chose. That ends up on kinds chosen careers they dont want or like and in the long run it takes away their Dreams, money, and time. The kinds need more inspiration for that in future they take one career like: doctor, arquitec, teacher, and other carriers is good have one inspiration. Is good have persons that support in every time like Mom, family or dad. Because much young not listen the adult or not have support in the family for that reason they do not pursue a career.

Secondly us young adults need to expand our knowledge in the work field. Like for example we need to watch videos and have people already working their to explain How they work and ward they do. It would be a good idea to have two examples of people: a person who has ready finished his career and has work and money and the other, who does not finish his studies and asks for money in the street. Is good what a young thing in her future the difficult is life outside working in the hot or cold not is nathing essy.

Everybody have that thing in her future, on good future for the family, wife, sons, daughter. Is good have idea in the High school that like you. Because you like draw you take the career arquitec is good idea. The people inspired draw like building, the natural place everything is good. The people like arquitec to created building in Dubai is very nice I don't no but is beautiful in only imagination. Much person no have idea the important is the study in the life.

Much young take to abandon the high school and decision working because no everybody have east opportunity other people need more working because not have more family. I need one program or event for the people have one idea the good that is study. Study have for the benefit apprenticeship.    