Some people say that first impressions are easy to change. Many others may say that it's impossible to change your first impression. Many people have experienced this before and there are others who have not yet experience it. I agree and there are many reasons why people may try to change their impression. You might find it difficult to change your first impression because you do not know how others will react to you, you do not want people to remember your first impression especially if it was bad, and you do not know how its going to go.

If you worry about how people will react when trying to change your first impression, it will make things more difficult for you to achieve that goal. Take your chances be confident and do what you have to do. There have been times where people can just look at someone and assume the worst about them. They could be going through a rough time and you may not even know that but you still assume the worst. First impressions may be easy and may be hard to change.

First impressions are almost always remembered,that makes it difficult to change your first impression. No matter how many times you try to change your first impression some people will still remember it. First impressions are important because its how people see you. You always want to make it your best not your worst. Think to yourself about what your going to do before you do it, because many people will agree or disagree that first impressions are impossible to change.

Not Knowing how your first impression is going to be is horrifying. On the other hand it can go great you just never know. You may be nervous about how everything will go things may not be so easy to change. You need to focus on the good things that. will make you feel comfortable and confident. Make yourself feel right before you change your first impressions because as you know there either easy or impossible to change.

Some people say the first impressions are easy to change others will say its impossible. People may disagree and agree with this. People who have experienced this know how hard it might have been. Some may seem insecure by their first impression because you do not know how others will react to you, you do not want people to remember your first impression especially if it was bad, and you do not know how everything will go. First impressions are impossible to change.