Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. People can check out books, shop, and play games without speaking to another person. Technology has a negative effect on people's lives because people don't communicate in person anymore. Technology has changed people's lives because people just stay home and use their computers, tablets, and phones. Technology has a negative effect on people's lives because barely anyone wants to talk in person anymore, However, they want to use their cellphones to talk on phone.

Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Technology gives you all the information you need to finish any task without asking a question to a person. Technology helps you understand how to do things on your own. Technology helps you with each step you need to do to finish your work, project, or research. Technology helps us find everything but without communication with a teacher, tutor, or a manager to help us.

People can check out books, shop, and play games without speaking to another person. People would only use technology to get things they want so they don't have to walk or drive to the stores. People wouldn't leave their houses anymore because there would be apps that deliver your things to your house in hours or minutes. The effect that technology has on people is negative because people get addicted with their phones and computers. The most important thing of all this is that people would forget how to communicate with one another.

Technology has a negative effect on people's lives because people don't communicate in person anymore. People don't communicate in person because they got used to calling by phone. People don't communicate in person because they might be scared or shy to talk. People only use text messages or phone calls as communication these days. Some people don't really like talking so they prefer to text that specific person or call them.

Technology has changed people's lives because people just stay home and use their computers, tablets, and phones all day. The negative effect about people staying home using their electronics is that they could get blind for watching a screen all day. People won't pay attention to what is happening around them until they lose everything. People won't learn that much things only by using a tablet, computer, or phone in their house. People won't know what to do when technology goes away for some hours, minutes, days, or weeks.

My conclusion is that technology stops people from communicating in person and it stops us from getting help from a teacher, tutor, parent, or a friend.