Student Name: Generic_Name class: English 11

Teacher: Generic_Name

Date: March, 19

| 2019

The benefits of commit a career at a young age

Do you think it is a good idea for students to commit a career at a young age? students can be to young; however, it is good for students to commit a career at a young age, students can finish a career early.

it is a good idea for students to complete a career at a young age because students can save a lot of time, study for something else, and get a job.

It is helpful for students to commit a career at a young age because students can save a lot of time. For example, when I don't have homework I hang out with my friends or my brother sometimes we go to the mall or we play sports like soccer and we have a lot of fun. Another example is if a student finish a career early the student can be able to have more free time to spend with the family, or hanging out with friends. In addition if students finish a career early they can spend more time with them siblings.

It is a good idea for students to commit a career at a young age because students can save a lot of time.

It is a good idea for students to commit a career at a young age because, students can study for something else. First of all, if students finish a career early they can either start working or study for something else. For example, I want to became a computer engineer because I like to work with computers so, if I finish early I would like to study to became an electrician because electricians make good money too. thats why I believe, that it is a good idea for students to finish a career at a young age because students can study for something else.

It is a good idea for students to commit a career at a young age because students can get a job. For example I always say that

I want to finish school as soon as possible because, I want to work an make some money. In addition, If a person Start working at a young age there will be more probability that a person get retired early. Also if students can start working at a young age they can save their money and buy whatever they want like, a house or a car, students can buy their own things. that's why I think, that it is a good idea for students to commit a career at a young age, students can start working.

In conclusion, that is great that students can complete a career at a young age. Because it is so helpful in the future they can create their own business and to make a big difference into the real world. Also it is a good idea for students to do a career at a young age, they can start working and make their own choices and decisions.                