Positive Attitude some are agree and disagree. Some people think positive attitude is bad and other persons are disagree. I am a person who has positive. Some people they are not like me they just think wrong attitude they can change their attitude, you only has to said i will not do this, and I will try to has positive attitude. Think

Positive attitude is something good for you because you will has fun, be happy and enjoy you life.

First, positive attitude you wiil has fun when you has fun, you are enjonying the life. You do not think negative attitude, I will not could do it. If go to Generic_City in my vacation. I have to think this vacation will be the best ever in my life. If you go to the next year in the vacation you have to say the samething. will not be in vacation with bad attitude you are not going to enjoy. Do not think this vacation will be the worse. If you thinking that one will be the worse.

Positive attitude another reason be happy. If you are happy, you are making feel the other persons will feel happy and positive attitude. There two people doing their Art project, one these two person has negative attitude and other positive attitude. The person who has bad attitude he is transmiting his bad negative attitude. He think, we are not going to do this excellect. The person who is his group he has positive attitude he do not has let transmit his bad energy. the person who has positive attitude he has to transmit his good attitude. Our ploject will be the best in classroom.

Finally, enjoy you life do not be negative person. Person who not enjoy with negative attitude, his life what he doing, he never going to think the wonderful is the life, he just think negative things and he will not be someone in this life. If you looking for a job if you have negative attitude, you will not be hiring in that job because you are given negative attituve. They are looking for a person who enjoy the job and want to work.

I agree to has positive attitude. You are linving this life and other persons who has negative attitude he is not feeling the good vibes. He is wasting his life and do not how to have fun, be happy, and enjoy his life. You should have positive attitude.