Life it's like rolercoster we fall sometimes but we need to get back up. I agree with Prime Minister Winston Churchill life is all ups and downs we need to go through stuff sometimes so then we can actually talk from our own experiences. Life is all about learning from our mistakes, we become a better person and we get some real life experiences. Now ill introduction to my first reason.

Learning from our mistakes is my first reason. I have so many friends the lean on other people's problems, they have never gone through a hard time, a time the they learned something about how to deal with life. This people only lives with other people's life experiences. I think having a little hard time in life is actually something good. it makes you a great person, you learn how to take care of yourself, you don't see life the same way the you used too and lot of things change.

We become a better person is my second reason. Me being just a teenager i had gone through some fallen for example;trying out for cheers,trying out for soccer at the end of the day I learned to I wasn't really good at soccer and the I really didn't even like the sport I also find out I'm not the girly to actually be smiling every second or act super pretty and all the time, I actually found something I really like I started playing rugby, I started taking

JROTC at my school I stared to find the real me I knew the I wasnt the regular teenager and I knew there was and still something special in me now I thanks the coaches for all this teams the said no to me because now I'm doing something I really love and it makes me feel so good and proud about myself.

Life experiences is my last reason. this reason was hard to talk about after I didn't get select for soccer or cheers I got sad and I couldnt believed the I didnt get in. One day I told myself"sometimes stuff happen for a reason" I think it was the best advice I gave to myself I though it would be hard to explain to people how come I didnt make the team or why I wasnt good at stuff. I told so many people the I quit last minute but it wans't true,me knowing I was saying stuff the it wants true was killing me on the inside I dont like to lie so I started saying the truth and it felt so good, yes people stop talking to me but also other people came in my life and forgive me from what I said.

in conclusion life sometimes is all about having fun,loving yourself, learn from mistakes get back up trust people around you and ask foe help. I think learning how to get back up by yourself is hard we always need friends in life and falling down sometimes can actually help us to get off this clone of we are all good great type of person.