The Government want people intelligent. To know what they are doing. They want a career they want to know what they want to do when they graduated from high school. If they want to be Teacher, Doctor, Police or something else. They can be that person but first you need to pass all you test and pass all you classes. For example you need to pass this test. On all the schools they help the student to choose a career. They want the best for the student.

I think that is good idea because if someone want to be doctor or teacher they help to choose the best career. I think that is important because it help you more. I know my brother friend he is teacher and he is 23 years old. Because he choose a career when he was in young age he or someone help him to choose a good career for him. The school is that friend that you have because they choose the career that you want to take. The school help you in your classes and homework stuff like that the school help you and the school help you in something else i can not say because i dont know on what i need to think.

My brother have another friend he graduated last year from Generic_school and now he is in college I dont know want he want to be but he told my brother they write a ASAY of 1000 leather but first the write the first ASAY of 1,000 leather and than the another ASAY is 2,500 leather and then the another ASAY is 5,000 but the have one week to write one ASAY if they not finish one ASAY they throw the ASAY to the trash and they put a big 0 to hes work. You need to do you work by the time they tell you if they tell you do this ASAY in 2 days you need to do it.

My school will help me what career i want to take if a want to take art or something else like that my school teacher will help me with that. I don't care what friends or persons told me or will tell me about me. They think i will not graduated from high school but if a want to graduated i can duet and i can do more i can have a good career. I will not go the best university but i can go to one university and there i will work hard to pass all my classes and i will choose the best career for me. The best career is that get more money because to survive we need money to buy food and water.

I am from Generic_City and I am living

In United State right now but that two country are 95% different because here is not the same like over there. Only 5% is same here and over there. The money. The money is easy to have in United State and in Generic_City is hard because you work one day and they pay you 5 dollar and here you work one day and they pay you more than 100 dollars and here you need to play like 40,000 dollar to go to the college and there you need to play only 1,000 I think to go to the college.    