The lesson I well share is to be good in all in your class and never give up in elementary school. This important to kids in elementary school so when they go to middle school it is going to be lot harder. When i was in elementary school eveyone bully me all the time but i never give up. Work hard in elementary school and never gave up.

Middle school is alot tougher so make it count in elementay school get good grade all the time and set goals to aconples fous goals. When it is time to go to middle school then it is your time to be in the next level. All the time to be posative in school so be your self and never stop working to get those good grade. This is my lesson to all students in elementary schoo

In middle school it is going to be new people that you never met before in your life you can make new friends. So try to make new friends in middle school and make sure that you do not do nething bad in middle school or you well be in trouble. For new kids in middle school you can make new friends every time. So can you do something about it and can you stop bully around your school.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 