People can check out books, shop and play games without speaking to another person. Is better use the technology and do not use the books because we have to do more things. Technology should do not use allows people to complete because not the all time use that tradition, However; technology should use allows people to complete is better for a job. Technology should use allows people to complete many task because the people can use the technology for investigate something important, the people use the technology for work, and the people can use the technology for distract to other things.

Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people can use the technology to investigate something important. For example when we have a doubt we have to find evidence for real and we have to know if it is true. Also maybe we have a homework about the old time we have to use the internet. Also too if we have a question about something old or something like that we have to investigate, so we have to use the technology. Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people can use the technology for investigate something important.

Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people use the technology for work. For example somebody work on a office and then have a project to do then have to use the technology. Also have a doubt about a unknown enterprise and have to know about that then have to find that information in the internet. Also too if work about computer's or something like that they have to use the technology. Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people use the technology for work.

Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people can use the technology for distract to other things. For example they have stress they listen to music in the internet then they can take a relax. Also if want's to watch movie they can do that things and then is using the internet or technology. Also too they can distract using the technology because they can use or watch the social media and own phones or computer. Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people use the technology for work.

Technology should use allows people to complete many tasks because the people can use the technology to investigate something important, the people use the technology for work, and the people can use the technology for distract to other things. For example when we have a doubt we have to find evidence for real and we have to know if it is true. Also have a doubt about a unknown enterprise and have to know that then have to find that information in the internet. Also too they can distract using the technology because they can use or watch the social media and own phones or computer. That's why the technology is better then books because they can do a lot things with the internet or technology.            