We can always accomplish if we have a time and also if we try to do more than do anything. Accomplish don't have to be all the time just when you can. For me to do accomplish more is better than don't do inactivity. I have 3 reason why I think do more accomplish. First reason is, to be better. Second reason is, do more. Third reason is, feelings. There are some reason why I think that be accomplish is better. For some of the people be accomplish is hard to the people because they don't have to much time.

First reason is, be better is because your learn more, you have more experience. We don't wait our time if we do more job if we have to do more job we doing it. We don't have to be to lazy for do more job if we can do the job. Just if we don't have to much time that will be just to done the work. To do accomplish to spend more time doing it. Whatever thing is if we have time we doing it. I work every day if I have to do more work I do it but if I don't have a time do to my work I just done whatever I am doing.

Second reason is do more. do more can be extra work done that will be nice ti have extra work done for the next day if we do the same we don't have to do more. Extra work have to be complete by the time and then dependently what do you do about. When people do extra work in their job the make more money and also they make more overtime hours in their job but no all the job are the same. For me to do more work is more easy for one think I learn more for, another think I just do extra job because I have time and I like too. To more is when we the people have time

Third reason is feelings, why feelings? feelings is because when we do more work that have to be we are satisfy. In other way we feel like when you make a goal when you done. We have emotional feeling when we done the thing what we doing it and also when we accomplish more. After you finish doing the work we feel tired but is not the same when we are satisfy for done. when I do my extra work always measure that is good. When I know is good

I say "yes I finishing" and I feel so proud of me. when we do something we have to be positive for every will be okay.

In conclusion, to do accomplish will be the best idea for to better extra work. The reason why the accomplish is the idea is, to be better, to do more, and the last one is feeling. what Thomas Jefferson wrote "Determine never to be idle it is wonderful how much may be done if we always doing"

that is most be true for all kind of people around the world. do more is always help and always do accomplish is the best idea.         