Positive attidude is key to success in life. This should the people who have a good attitude can be help the society to improve, and I agree with this statement but most people have a bad attitude and they need to change, because if they have positive attitude they can be have a good life with the family, better in the job, and can be to improve the life of the others person.

The people who have positive attitude if good with the family to improve a condition society, or help to the change they attitude. For example, the majority of the person does not have patience with the childrens, or the familty and least the society. For this many of the people need to improve they attitude, and outgrow the bad desicion they take in the life. Because if they have a bad attutude they can not help the family, or the other person when they needy. nevertheless many of them attempt change the attitude because they know the change it correct for have a better life with the family and the society.

If the people have a good attitude can better in the jod, when make the work with the other people, or when a customer make a question and can be reply with a smile and kindly. For example, in many jod some employee have a bad attitude because when someone asking a question this people reply irate, and the customer irete too, for the attitude of the employee. This should that people need to have patience not only with the customer, or family need to have a positive attitude with everyone. However, if employee have patience, and some customer go in with the bad attitude and speak very bad the employee can contain and respond the same manner. Truly, the people need learn to control the attitude for can be better in the jod.

A person who have a good attitude can be change the other people life, because if helping to take better decision in the school, jod, or treat the improve the attitude with others. For example, in the school the teachers try to change the attitude of the students can be more better, and taht they respent others teachers and students. This should that teachers want to the students improve they life, because when they can be adults that have a better attitude, can be take better decision. After they graduate they can be work in a good jod has positive attitude, respent the customer, help their family with they needy, and have a good condition society. In theory, the people need to have a person who have a positive attitude for be better.

Positive attidude is key to success in life. Can be improve the relathionship with the family, or the society. Many of them has a good job because they respent the boss, customer, and the others employee. Have a good attitude change the life of many people get a better future.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              