PROMPT

I disagree with this issue beacuse my opinion is that we should try every time our goal. If we done with our goal. we should'not stop there. we should try some thing else. Beacuse our wishes never finish. So we should move on in other goal. For example if one person want to get high school deploma so when that person want to go to collage firs't that person have to achive the goal to go to collage. if we want to do our goal we have to work hard to get our goal.

Although Emerson's statement is write too some people they don't want to move on when they get there egolas. Beacuse if they are done with there gola thay just like to do that goal. i think that kind of people they don't want do move on with other goals beacuse they just want to focuse there first goal that the get. For example if some one want to be a teacher that person have to study to be a teacher. Every goal we want to get we have to work hard to get our goal. also some people they spend there hole life to try to get the goal. some time when we can't reach over goal we should'not give up we should try again and agian. if we give up we can't do anything our life. i think goal means not that you get some thing goal means that you work very hard in this middle time to achive your goal.

should people stop after when they get there goals ?

I disagree with this statement . Beacuse our goal will naver finish. i think if we finsh with one goal than we want to achive our second goal. i think people should'not give up they sould try evey time untill the get the goal. life is full of gola . we should desieded that what we want to do our life then we try our goal.

we can get every thing very easy our life if we work hard then we can get every thing in our life. every time we have to work hard to achive our goal. Although Emerson's statement is write too some time people don't want to do anything else. they want to focuse only there one goal .thay don't want to try some thing else in there life. Beacuse they want to achive there goal. but i disagree with this statement i think people should try some thing else too if they can't get there goal they can choose anything easy too. so they can get there goals. i think where ever we are doing in our life that's goal. so i think we should'not give up if we can't achive our goal we can do smoe thing elase. if we work hard we can get our goal. That's my opinion that people should'not stop after they get the goal .They should do some thing else too. Beacuse in our life we have a lot of chooices that we can chooice to get our's goals. But different people have different thoughts. so maybe they don't want to move after thay get there goal that's they thing. But i think we should do chooice other goals too. 