Students' courses about career

Nowadays, there is a heated debate over whether it's a good idea that students select courses which are related to their future career. As far as I'm concerned, I think students should select courses of study in school which will guide them toward a specific career.

First of all, students who select couses that are related to career will have much more time to prepare future career. As an old saying goes:'Practice makes perfect'. Students will be able to study during high school for 3 years and it's such a long time for students to improve themselves gragually. With a sufficient preparation, students will learn about their career deeply. It's a good choice for students to build their own career goals and make it come true with enthusiasm heart.

Second, students select course about career will lay a solid foundation in academy study. It is benefial for students to set their foot on professional knowledge field. Also, Students can receive the knowledge what they want, and it has impact on their future will encourage them to study with passion. They may think it will feed them back in the future. Moreover, it helps students to be more competitive in applying college since the high school courses maybe connected to college couses.

Third, it hepls students build their characters. Students can have a better understanding of society and build a sense of responsilibity during the study of career. In this view, when students are working in a company, they will have a nice behavior and apply all the knowledge they learned into the project. It's also good for country's economic, the talent people will improve the development of society.

However, some people think that select the courses which are related to career will limit the students' future goals and hobbies. Even though this, selecting courses which are related to career also have many advantages. For instance, students can imrove their ability to behave professional in the future, country need talent people to run the ecomomic, college will accept the students who are good at major and so on. As the considering of students may change their mind, I recommand parents and teachers give students avaliable advice before selecting courses. It will help students to identify themselves. In addition, with their helps, students also need to considerate their future carefully since it may determines who they are going to be.

To put it in a nutshell, to select courses which are related to career is benefial for the development of students' future. It's like a lighthouse which lead students to a reliable path. 