I agree with Albert Einstein about "Imagination is more important than knowledge. " Albert Einstein was smart and good at math. When Albert Einstein was a kid he day dream in class a lot and he wasn't doing good but when he grew up he was very smart man. When he was young he wasn't that smart but when he grew up he was very smart. Imagination is more important then knowledge because when you grow up you won't have a lot of imagination it will be gone. A lot of people don't have imagination so they have to use their brain but imagination is still important because you can use that imagination for art and crafts.

Albert Einstein was one of the smarts person in the world and the most thing he did was sciences. Albert Einstein was a brave funny man people made painting of he of his tongue out. Albert Einstein is a funny guy because artists drew about him. Albert Einstein died when was old.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 