Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote " unless you try to do something beyond what you have already master, you will never grow." But i thing that when people work hard on something, even thou they all already don it, but they did poorly on it, So when they do it again thats haves them another opportunity to do it batter. For example when i was in eighth grade i had a lot of tribal how to spell in English, because i was from another country, could Generic_City. So all the time i could not spal a ward, so i will get sad, but in the minet or two i say to my self " dont worry" so to answer the cwesten that Author Ralph Waldo Emerson try to say, no i don`t believe that when people have already mastered in something they cant do it again.

First, Work hard, people work very hard in something because they want to secid in the futurr. When some one bin doing something for so long even thou they did moltipal times. They can do it again, just to be batter ate it. They never hive up on something, because when some one haves up on something that they bin like in it, they will fail. Think positive about staff because when some people dont thing positive. Even no it`s hard for them to desalt what they what to do in the future but they did the same thing over and over, but when they work had and have that positive mind they will do it well . For example, my first year playing soccer on the high school teem, it was hard for me to understand what people was saying to be, but two three years later i had no tribal understanding what they war saying to me. So that shows that i speak English for three years and know i can understand what people saying to me because i bin spike net for three years.

Second, Dont wary about staff, stay on track. People like to do something and finished, because when they finished it fills much better then before. When i take a test it makes me woride but when i finish it, it fills much better because my mined can relax form it. Even thou i still think what Caind of graid will get. Fist Complete the staff that is hard to do then do the easy staff later. When some people do their home work, they do the hard problems first and they do the easy staff, because it helps them to counchenteit on the hard staff first. When i have a problem that is very hard i will ask the teacher for help me with it, so that i can do the easy staff by my self.

However, Some people ,like Author Ralph Waldo Emerson think different then the other people. for example when some one has a high school digry they just want to get out of school because if they did it again they will think that they will fail it. Most of the people like to finish something or accomplish something so they work very hard just to get that one thing like the pay check or college digry just to finish the last staff because they don`t want to do it. again because think that it will me waist of time. Some people look only for one thing but not the other. for instens that young man wants to play profashanal basketball, but he not thinks about school or nothing he just wants to play basketball and so when he tries out for a team and he never maid it so he just going to have up because he never grow to be a profeshanal basketball player. It dos it matter what some people do to, to be batter at something that they going to do it again but they will never grow.

Therefore what Author Emerson try to say that people if the have already mastered ,you will never grow. So to say that people can do something that they want to do and they can do it as much time as they want to and they will sicsid in it. Even thou it hard, but some people can do it multiple times. So when they do it again thats haves them another opportunity to do it batter. So to answer the cwesten that Author Ralph Waldo Emerson try to say, no i don`t believe that when people have already mastered in something they cant do it again.                               