The distance learning from home would present benefits for students and their daily life. In my opinion as a student this's good idea because, some students live by their own or they help their parents economic. In the other side, the students will be more familiar with technology and also, almost all students have internet access at home, and this would make more easy for them. In the other hand some people are disagree with this idea because some students are not familiar with technology and they are not be able to have internet access, but in this cases the school and the government could support them with technology. The distance learning will build a better future for students and society.

the online classes will have a positive change in their daily life. for example, the time that students use to prepare them and when they took a bus to the school, this time they can used to sleep more or even start the classes early during this time. Some students already have a job to save money for college, so they will have more benefits because, they will have more time to manage their time to do homework and work, in this way they be less stressful. By the way this can also change their social interaction.

Therefore. Their video conferencing classes will have more interaction with the teacher and if the student need help then the teacher will have more time to them. In the other side the relationship between the student and their friends, they can use the time after school to hand out and enjoy their free time and at the same time this benefits their classes because they don't get distracting during class. By the way the regular school have alert and their close the school.

The reasons why the regular school lose so many classes is because the weather but the online classes represent a better option, because the students can attend classes from home and they are safe, they don't have to being in a dangerous situation, like take the bus when is snowing. So, they can continue their classes like a regular day.

In conclusion the online classes represent a better option and have more opportunities for those students that have to work and study at the same time. So it is a easy way to reach their goals.        