What is a career? What does it mean? Your career is going to be your main purpose in life. Imagen this, it's your junior/senior year of high school. Your not sure on what you want your career to be. You have to think very carefully becuase it's your life that's in your hands. It's very important to know your career at least your first year of high school. When you know what career you want to major in it helps you prepared for that specific career and it offers a better way to have a successful life style. For these reasons by the time I was in my freshman year I knew what I wanted to major in.

Knowing what you want your career to be is extremely important because it's going to help you know what courses are best for your career. It will help you prepare for what is coming. For expample there are two students in their last year of high school. Student A knows what she wants to major for her career. Student A has been giving the opportunity to take course classes for her specific career because she has always had in mind since her first year of high school. On the other hand student B is still not completely sure what she wants to make a career out of. Student B has a few ideas but since she never took the time to really think carefully about her futrue she isn't able to take cousre classes like student A.

Having a open mind on your career helps you have a financial plan. Gives you times to think of ideas to pay for college tuition or even prepared your selves to get a scholarship. Some students may be involved with sports which can lead up to recieving a scholarship. Knowing your future career will help you have a great life to offer a lot of amzaming adventures to your future self and family. It also can help you save a lot of money.

I'm in third current year of high school.

When I was in my first year of high school I knew that I wanted to be a lawyer. I even knew it when I was in middle school. I'm positive I didn't go through every career and I pick one. Unhapply my family and I went through an uncomfortable situation where it had to be resovled in a court house. After a lot of worrying and patiently waiting. Justice was given and my family could be at peace. I hated that my family was being accused of something that we didn't do. That is when I got to thinking people arounf the world are being framed of charges they didn't do and I dislike that a lot. For these reason it's because I want to be a laywer. I've thought very carefully on my classes that i'm taking and if there are a best fit for me.

Inconclusion I strongley agree that students should commit to a career at a young age because it helps them make goals for there future. For example a goal can be to figure out what college offers the best classes for their career. Also helps students make a financial plan for college. I know it's going to help me have goals step by step to achieve my career. For these reasons I believe its very important that students a young ages have an idea for their careers. To guide students into a better path for thier lives. You wouldn't want to end up like student B.