I personally think that working alone is very beneficial. When I work alone I can work on my own time. I do not have to listen to anyone, I am my own boss in this situation. Also I have nothing to go over once I am done because I know I did it all myself and it was done right. Independently I can do more work. whenever I work in groups I get side tracked way more then I usually do.

Working alone has become a very common thing for me. I have always preferred to work alone. Working alone lets me work on my own pace. I can work whenever I want too. I have tried to work in groups but they always want to do the last minute type of thing, but when I work alone I do that sometimes too. but i know I got to do it all. I also don't like to keep someone if they did their part. One time I was doing a group power point and two out of four of my partners did not do their part and I ended up failing because of them.

When I work in groups I feel like I am doing all the work and my group members are just messing around and not helping me. I have had very bad experiences with groups I have failed many projects, class activates, and labs just because I would trust people on doing the work that they would get when we distributed it. Last week in oceanography my table was doing a lab and I had to do all the work because my whole table group wanted to talk to a whole different table group and not help me. My teacher would not let me work alone even after I told him about the situation. Later I told my guidance counselor and he did not do anything about it either.

Every time I have worked in a group I have been side tracked. I can never do anything with someone because i always have the urge to just talk to them and not get any work done. I have noticed this bad habit of mine for a long time now I have tried to fix it but i just can not. Working alone is a very good thin for me i am very productive when I work alone.

Working alone is very good for me. I like to do it because then I know that I did all that work for the grade I got not anyone else. I like working for stuff I do not like getting stuff ease. Whenever I work alone I mostly have good time management on all my work. I am mostly always slacking when I work with a group.                                       