I think being youself is the greatest accomplishment because people can be comfortable for them self, people can accomplish goals faster than they could ever be following the rules and people can over come jugdement around them. Aurthor said " to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something is os the greatest accomplishment". The society may be mess up but you can overcome yourself to be what you wanted.

Being yourself in public might cause to be comfortable with people around you. First of Anxity. People have it, I have it. Being yourself around people might cause your anxity to go away. For example. My girlfriend when the first i meet her she barley talk to me, she look at me without saying a thing because she is afraid that i would say something wrong about her, like her action. When she started talking to me getting to know each other, her anxity went away. We hangout mostly everyday and share our feelings for each other. Second of people you can make more friends. Being yourself around people may scared some of you but being yourself around your friends is different than around strangers. Being yourself with your friend is more fun. They might like they thing you, you never know without making some friends.

Being yourself in public may cause your to accomplish your goals. For Example Comedians. Comedians are funny they make you luagh your butt off. Do you think do you know how they got that by being themself around people. they won't let people judge them. They go on their life to make people luagh. Comedians sacrifes themself to make people luagh. they also laugh with their joke or when people around them laugh also. Kevin Heart makes alot of money just to make people laugh. You may not be able to overcome yourself anytime soon but thing won't be better is you don't show what you got.

Judgement may cause everthing. People treating you bad or just saying bad things about your behind your back. Judgement cause thing that people may not know thats around our society. For example ME. People can't understand me when i speak or text because of my grammar. They compare me to Characters on TV shows but honestly i don't get those things stick to me. Jugdement cause people deppresion or way worse. I know that things people say don't get to me. It's way more better to stick with your friend and be yourself.

Being yourself may cause a lot of things in your life. Being comtable with people, acomplishing your goals or overcoming judgement but things will never come if you don't be yourself. Just like Author said " To be yourself in a world that constantly trying to make you somthing else is the greatest accomplishment". People will never know what would happend if you don't be yourself, so be yourself and find out. 