some people believe that students will be required to take a music,drama,or an art class.

The students required of many classes to accomplish their knowledge, but some people think that students need to take a music, drama,or an art class because:

I think that students will need those classes to graduate. To get school diploma students will have to accomplish some classes like music,drama,or an art class. they should use those classes for distraction their mind to the other classes for examples math, history and science class then, they will get relaxation. Also, I think that some people wants the students take those classes because those classes represent happiness, peace and an individual talent that every person have. but some people get frustrated that they don not have any talent like sing, act or draw. Some people want that the students take those classes because they need to develop their mind in something productive for the society and for them. No think in bad things or bad actions.

Also,I think that some people think that students should be take a music,drama,or art class because students have the potential to protrude in the great music,drama and art world. To prove to the society the capacity that they may have and that they are the future. They will replace the people that do music drama and art in our present for example artists,painters and others.

I think that some people believe that students should be take music,drama and art classes because is the only way to develop their mind,knowledge and to learn new things that help them for the future. Those classes help the students to get a mental and physical develop because the music make us to express feelings,emotions,or give to the audience a message that we want that they know and understand. The drama help us to develop our mind,but also,help us to use our body to express something that we want that people will know. The art class help us to represent,express and get abilities that students will do not know that they have. With those classes students will be exactly what they are and feel because they will express anything that they may want without get frustrated.

In conclusion some people believes that students should be take music,drama,an art class because they need new persons that express and give to them that knowledge that represent those classes because those students that will learn are the future and are the new generation. Also, because students need express feelings,emotions and develop their knowledge. Because they think that the students are interesting in others things that is not productive and they need to learn those important topic to not be loss and continue with the music, drama and art in our world. 