Some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours, to conserve energy and resources. Many believe by following this model, for schools, will have many benefits for everyone. Others believe, that the normal five-day week, with eight hours, of school is more beneficial. By changing the times and days, students wouldn't have the opportunity to do sports or clubs, there wouldn't be no after school activities, and the school wouldn't be saving energy or resources.

It's very important for students to be involved and dedicated, in school related activities. Many teachers and parents have realized that students who are very involved in school bring home really good grades. By extending eight hours to ten hours of school, students wouldn't have the opportunity to do sport or clubs. Also, student's grades would drop very low because they wouldn't have a motivation to keep their grades up.

Students sometimes miss school days because they are sick or have an appointment to attend. If they miss a day they would have to make up there missing work. By extending school hours students wouldn't be able to stay after because, more than half of students have responsibilities at home. Getting out of school later also effects students with part-time jobs. Theres students who have a family to take care of, and or have kids on there own. Theres parents who depend on there kids to bring the money to the house.

Also,there are many of students who pay rent and without a job there would have to stop going to school to still have a roof over their head. Therefore, there are other students who have kids or siblings to pick up from their day cares or from their babysitters. Without a job they wouldnt be able to pay them and that another reason why school hours shouldn't get extended.

The reason to extend school hours to ten is because they want to save more energy and resources. Little do they know they would be wasting the same amount if it was eight hours for five days a week. In people opinion, five days a week and eight hours of school is better because they would be able to work, stay after to make up work, be able to join sports, and be more involved in school.         