I think It will be enjoyable to couplet a science experiment because is an educational activity. You can have fun,you can work and meet with different persons,and you can learn more about the subject.

First of all I think It will be fun couplet a science experiment because I like sciences and I can learn more about experiment. Also I love going to my sciences class when we do experiments because It fun. I always laugh when I do experiment and they don't work. Another thing that I think sciences is fun is because you never know if the experiment will be work. One day me and my little cause we did smile in the kitchen and my mom gets mad and she make me clean the whole kitchen but, then we did smile in school and I already knew how to do it.

Secondly when you are doing a science experiment You always have to work in groups sometimes with your friend's sometimes not. For me its cool to work with different persons because when you do not know something and you ask them and they know they will help you and thats why for me is enjoyable to do sciences experiments because I'm a friendly person. One day in my sciences class we were doing an experiment then a new student came and the teacher ask me if I could help him and I said ''yes'' because he just knew Spanish and I help him and we became friend.

Then doing a sciences experiment it not just to have fun is to learn more about the subject that you are learning because is no the same doing the experiment then just listing to the teacher explaining. A lot of time this has happen to me that Im listing to the teacher but I don't understand nothing but when we do the experiment I do understand.

In conclusion for me completing a sciences experiment is one of the my favorite things because we don't just learn we have fun and thats why I like it. Also to complete a sciences experiment you do different things you don't just stay sit you move around. At the being of the year I did't speak to much English and it was hard to understand the teacher but when we start doing experiment it was more easy and now I understand more and that make me feel happy and that one of the reason I enjoy doing experiments.