Dear Manager of the Police Department,

I would like to visit the Police Department because I want to become a police officer and for that I want to see what it is like to be a police officer. I've been taught to help others when there's a chance because most people don't have what others have. Being a police officer seems to get my attention because it is about crimes and helping others.

I would love to help people whenever I can and I can do that on a daily if I become an officer. My mother raised me to treat others with respect and to help the ones in need. I would love to tag along with one of the police officers. I want to learn how it feels like to save people from dangerous things. I would also like to become a homicide detective. Not everyone in this world is made to help others but I know that I would love to. Many people are in needs for example they wouldn't have enough food or water. I want to be able to help with that. Being a police officer has been a dream for me ever since was younger. I know that if i accomplish my goal to become one, not just my mom would be proud, but my whole family would. I would love to visit the police department because there are multiple interesting things, I would love to learn there. Also, there re multiple kids without parents who have been kidnapped or their parents did not want them, I would love to help them out 'cause I know what it feels like to not have a father figure.

Once again, I would love for you to accept this letter and let me visit the department. I've always wanted to be someone's role model or to tell someone how it feels like to be ,like me. I want to be able to connect to these people, I want to show them who they really are, and make them realize how much potential they have. I don't want anybody doing bad for themselves , trying to prove a point to somebody , or being bad just for attention. I've realized that, being bad isn't getting nobody somewhere in life. At the end of the day, nobody got you how you got yourself ,but I want people to understand that I will always have their back and help them succeed in life and become known for changing their ways. I would love to help people become a better person and by that, is to become an police officer. Many people think that it is " cool " being bad and getting in trouble with the law and the Court of Justice, until they realize that they wouldn't be able to get out of jail. Multiple people just make mistakes by hanging with the wrong crowd and being there at the wrong time. Everyone in this entire world has a lot of potential and they don't realize that they are cared for a lot. Ever since I was 5 years old, I wanted to help people with their problems and make them feel safe because I know what it is like to lose yourself and not feel safe. I understand what people feel like. I believe in myself to the point where I know that I can do what i've always wanted to be and accomplish many goals in life. I'm at a point in life where, I just want to help everyone, make them happy , and help them with themselves, and their problems in life. I would love to be the type of person that people can count on and I will always be there for them.

Without a doubt,I would stop everything i'm doing at the moment just for someone who needs me. I really want people to know that I will always be by their side because many people don't have anybody so they can talk to and help them throughout the day,and I want to be that person to help them.

As I said before, I would really appreciate consider me visiting the Police Department.

Sincerely ,

Generic_Name