I am agree with this prompt, i think that everyone have to believe in their self-reliance, Because we have to follow our own ideas to be a unique person and believe in our decision in the life.

the only way that you can be a successful on your job or on your life is believing in your own ideas and value your self-reliance, and never think that you cannot do nothing because you can.

the only thing that you have to do is believe in your own instincts and ideas and don't let other to tell you something different.

i will like to reckon in my self-reliance to be a better person in this world and don't depend of other person to get my dreams.

(people who believe and value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas).

1-the school is one good example for this is because the school give you exams and work for do on your own self,

- the school give you a lot of challenge one of them are the tests, for get good grates on those test you have to self-reliance to study and pass those test.

2-the work (jobs) is other best examples,they give you the opportunity to show them that you are a excellent employee and that you can create your own ideas.

-the work is other place to explain the self-reliance, your boss is asking you if you can do a work for him and that work is important for him because he ask to other workers but they copy the work from other company so he belief that you can do the things better that other and you have to self-reliance for that work and create your own ideas for it.

3- on my own life, the idea to choose what we have to do on the future is because our parent want that us get the best opportunities but sometimes we don't want to do the things that our parent tell us because we want to do the best thing for be the best but not like they want we want to do the thing on my own way.

conclusion i believe that, we always have to self reliance because, that help you doing things that you never imagine that you could do that, and never keep focus in just one thing, put your mind open for make better decisions and follow your instincts for do the best that you can,

my conclusion is that you always have to believe in your self-reliance and always follow your dreams for more hard that those things can be but that is the opportunity for your self-reliance and show that you can do the things that you want if you bring your ideas and follow your dreams.