Showing small act of kindness to others it impacts others to show kindness no matter how small or big it is. There are a lot of people who don't show kindness because we don't know what the person could be going through. Then people start to get grumpy more often and will start showing there feelings by not caring. But if you see a person who looks upset ask them" how is your day going?" This is why you should show kindness to someone you dont know if something could change in there life. When you show kindness you make someone smile or even make their day by giving them a complament.

How does it impact others to be kind? It impacts them to be kind to others who have been through a lot of things we dont know maybe a person has been having a bad day. It impacts me because Im a really kind person who wouldn't like someone to get hurt. I see a lot of people getting called names a lot and I stand up for them but then I get up ending being called out but it doesn't effect me because im really positive. When I see someone sad I would go up to them and ask what was wrong to help them. you could you your kindness by doing anything nice for them. Yesterday I hold the door for someone and they were really happy then they said " thank you I'll hold the next door for you this one is for you" I felt happy that someone was being nice to me.

Examples you can show kindness. Hold the door for someone they will really apreatate it maybe they could be in a hurry or can be carring something and can't use there both hands. Ask someone how there day is going maybe they were having a bad day maybe you can make it better for them. Give someone a high five to make them feel special. Tell them how they look nice. Give them a complament. Smile at someone even if they don't smile back. If you see someone crying or maybe getting hurt stand up for them even if they can't do it by themself then you should do it or get a trusted adult to help them but what matter is your showing kindness by standing up for them.

There are certain people who would like to show kindness but are afraid to show it. They think they look cool by making fun of people or hurting them. There is a lot of people who do that but want to be kid but they think they will have no friends if they are nice to someone. But they are wrong if they are true friends they will be with you but if they leave they weren't worth it. If you want to show kindnss but your afraide dont be because your not alone I know they are people out there who feel alone but they don't realize they are surrounde by a lot of kind people. So dont be afraide to show your kindness to others.

Did you know that you can show kindness by helping donate money or old clothing to poor people. They are a lot of homeless poeple every year and they are even famliys who live under bridges with kids like our ages and babys which I feel really bad. But you can help by packing food bags or clothes for them and worm blankets for them because in winter it snows rains and they get sick a lot and a lot die. But you can help them by donating or buying them fresh food or new clothes shoes. My dad donates $20 dollors every month to poor people who needs them because we care about people like us that need help. You can help by doing that too by donating money to homeless people.

I show kindess by helping my mom and dad my mom does a lot of things in the house. She has to take care of me and my baby brother well I take care of myself because I know what is good and bad. But my mom takes care of my baby brother while she cooks. Then I help her clean the house when my baby brother is sleeping. Then we both wash clothes and etc. I show my kindness by also helping my dad hes getting a little older and needs my help alot I help him by taking in grocerys from the car and things he wants me to do I read to him when he doesn't understand thing in English. My mom doesn't speek English so she mostly needs my help to read things for her in English then tranlateing it in Spanish to her so she understands its not a lot of kindness I show but its the effort I try to make her happy and my dad too this is how I show kindness.

You can show kindness by doing all of this it impacts people to do. Did you know kindness is contages because you spred it to others and they do it too. And finally this is why it impacts people.