In my point of view, I feel what is more beneficical is working alone. You might think working in a group is more beneficial, but let me tell you why is it not a good idea. It lets you concerate more on your work and won't let you get distracted and get off topic with the rest of the group. On top of that it gives you the chance to slightly get your work done in a matter of time. On the other hand, in case you don't understand a topic,it benefits you learning alone so next time you understand it in the future time. In this way of working alone, has many benefits and could help you in many ways in the long run.

Have you ever been part of a group at somepoint in your life, and your group gets off topic and ends up not finishing the work that was assigned? It really isn't such a productive group like that I could say. Say perhaps you were trying to get your work done, but you entire group wants to do unproductive things and gtet off topic. Have you ever thought who gets the blame after? Your group gets the blame and you as well. Even if you were being on topic and getting your assignment done, but your also part of the group, what could you do. Let me give you an example. There was once where my math teacher said we could work in a group. Me and my group were getting our work done, until one of my group members gets off topic. There goes my whole group off topic. What was the result after, my group didn't finish the assignment. Next thing you know who got the blame that day. My whole group and including me as well. I explained to my math teacher in a nice, clamy matter to her, that I was trying to get my work done, she didn't lose an energy listening to me.

What if you teacher for example set a timing to finish the project, and you couldn't finish in time because of the silliness in your group? I'm positive you would want to finish in time and get a good grade. I'm more than certain that you don't want to finish late with your group and get a zero as your grade from your teacher. I've have so many examples, but let me tell you one that stood up to me and left my eyes bright open. My biology teacher had told the whole entire class there was a project due at the end of the class. So she told us to get in groups, of four people in the group. Long short story, my group got way off topic and didn't finish in time. At the end,we all got zero's and for a week I had a zero bringing my grade down. I brought my grade up, until it was test day. I've been through so many experiences, I enjoy working alone. On the other hand, I also experienced understanding a topic on my own, which feels great let me tell you.

Have you ever experienced in life going or thinking of a topic and not understanding? That has happened to me once. Where your at a point,where you don't understand a topic, but learning on your own kicks in. Everytime you go back and reazlied what you did wrong, it all kicks in, in the future. Which in my point of view is a good benefit. Learning on your own is denfitnely not a bad thing. There was once where I was having quite the trouble at a topic, in my class of english, but the outcome wasn't so bad. As I could say. In that certain assignment I got a high B. I learned after where I needed more information on that topic in my english class. On the next assignement I had I got a high A.

Working alone has many benefits and could benefit you in the long run. Many poeople think its beneficial working in a group, but I say no. Want to do better, get a good result after, get a nice dencent grade after. Working alone is the solution. Don't let anyone trick you into saying it's bad, because it is most ctertainly not a bad choice/idea. If you come across a point to work in a group, thats great, i'm not saying never work in a group. Although at some points when the stitution is series to get an assignment done, thats were working alone comnes in handy.