I disagree with online classes because, if schools offer distance learning as an option for students to learning online from home to online classes.

the students will not learn like they learn from school because, it is online they don't care as much as they care in school, they will not try or study hard for it.

some students do not access in their homes some of them can't buy computers.

students have to work sometimes with other students or their partner and learn some new stuff if schools would be online courses or classes students will not learn new stuff or new listens or they can't talk to other people to solve their problems.

Students will not learn specific listens like they learn in school students do not care about their listens, they will not study hard for their listens because, there is no live teacher to tell them what to do, or the online classes will not say that do this work or do this project, and there is no other student to work with or do the group work. And they cannot understand correctly the listens it is good to go to school. when students go to schools every day it made them responsible.

Some students do not have access to be able for online classes, because all students do not have computer, they are not access to the wifi, they cannot buy computer, all people are don't have the same life. Every one has a different life, we have to feel everyone all people are not rich to buy those stuff. In last couple years they made the online classes they did not have those classes in very past years but it does not have benefit for all of students.

Students have to work sometimes with other student or their partner and learn some new stuff, meet new people. If schools would be online classes they cannot learn some new stuff,they cannot meet new people , and they cannot work or participate in a group work or group project. I don't think that the online classes would have benefit,
for some people it have benefit like they might cannot go to the school but, not for all of students will be good.

Although some people might say that the online classes are good, or have benefit for schools and students but, I still disagree with online classes because, all students are not allow or access to use computers and wifi. All people are don't have the same life, all students cannot buy a computer and wifi just because of online classes we have to feel everybody, and we have respect everyone. and it is my idea that the online classes are do not have benefits as much as schools and live learning does.    