04/11/2019

To whom it may concern:

I agree with Ralph waldo Emerson. like my grandfather used to say. " your life is going to be cycle, unless you try new stuff ".

you never is going know what is out there for you, and you will never know. if you don't go out to see it.

When I was like 12 years old, I wanted to have more money then what my mother give me, to buy things like candy, and that kind of stuff. but they could not give me more, because they didn't have more, and we were a lot of kid in the house. So I decided to go out and ask my neighbor who have a small coffee factory if I could work with him, putting the coffee in the sun, and moving it. He accepted me, every day that i worked he paid me like 1 dollar but in Generic_City money. when you are a kid and you don't have nothing to worry about with 1 dollar in my country you can buy a lot of stuff like candy, and others things that you like. I remember it as if was yesterday when I got paid i was so happy. i even cry of happiness.

If I wouldn't try to go ask my neighbor for a job he wouldn't give it to me.

I know a guy a musician who artists name is Romeo Santos. He was in a band of music, with like three others guy but he was like the main character, he was the one who made the songs, and the singer one. They were very famous, many people like them, many didn't. They maybe were not the best music band of the worth but they were pretty good. I don't really know what happened in the band. I guess Romeo Santos saw that his life was cycle doing the same stuff with the same people, maybe he wasn't making as much money as he wanted, maybe he did not like the others guy, maybe he saw that he was going to be better without the band,or just maybe he wanted to made his own career. The thing is that One day Romeo Santos decided to leave the band to star his career as a lonely musician. then he became one of the most famous artist in all Latina America. he have many years making the best bachata of the worth. bachata is a style of music, that i think was made in the Dominican Republic. I don't know when or who. I believe that he would not be the guy that he is today wouldn't leaf the band. maybe they were going to be good, but not as he is today.

I think that saw as that what Ralph Waldo said is the reality.

Sincerely

Generic_Name.