Student's who do not need othes to praise their work to have self-steem are the strongest one,Because giving a individual fake praising can make them feel great and not try to become better, and that can make then weak."Individuals believe in praising a student's work to build self-steem, Even is the work is not the student best effort." Not every individual need's others to make them feel comfortable. Some person's like to be realistic and not hear lies. Praise others people's job's even if is not excellent can bring them fake happiness and hurt them.

Some people think that the most important thing in this world is to give people self-steem, by praising their work even if is not good at all. Others believe that it can helps people to be sure about them selves even is the rest of the pople think's the oppositive. Still others ague that given every individual praise about what they do is the greatest accomplish people can make.

People should not need other's to praise their work to have self-steem, Sometimes individuals do not gonna have others to tell them how great their work is, But the person have to know if the stuff is valid or not. People do not have to depend on other's people's opinions. They need to learn skills by their own selves and know when they can fix oh make better something. At the end of the day nobody is going to try to make others feel good so people have to be successful with their own self.

Althought, People need to be realistic with their own selves, If the person is smarth and they know what they are doing and they do not need anybody to correct them that's all good. If people know they are doing wrong and somebody comes to tell them that they are doing great just to make them feel great!! Do not accept that, beause people need to be honest with their selves, All people need somebody to tell them how to became better. Sometimes being honest with someone can hurt them but is the best way to help those individuals. People have to become better to feel better with what they are, And not let anyone praise somethings that can be better.

Finally, Praising other's people's work even if is not great can bring them fake happiness, and make them feel proud of their selves when the work that they did is not good enough. Being fake with someone can make them to become weak, and make them to not putt effort to make it better. That's why everybody in this world should be honest with others, Some poeple at the end of the day ended with their self-steem down, becuase somebody lied to them , And when they present their's works's peoples's opinion's can hurt them really bad.

Student's should not need anybody to tell them how great they are doing their work to have a really good self-steem, Every individual should know when they are doing good or when they are having some problems, Every person in this world know when they can put more effort to things that they are doing wrong. People should not let anyone lied to their selves, Not everyone need's others to make them feel comfortable. Some person's like to be realistic and accept when something is wrong so they can fix it. Praise others people job's even if is not excellent can bring them fake happiness, and thats whe worse feeling ever. That's why all people need to know how do great things and impact others by their talent, without letting anyone hurt those endividuals at the end.

-Thank you :)

Att: Generic_Name, ESL student.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              