Think about how good would it feel to not have to wake up early in the morning to go to school, or have to be sitting on a desck all day, those things make me want to stay at home. Attending classes from home is a good option for those who feel like the comfort of their home is the best environment for their learning, now you can take a chemistry class while being in your pijamas. Older generations say that going to school provides a better education for young people, but times are changing and the way we learn is changing to.

I think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because: Students are able to learn in a environment were they feel more comfortable, Students can learn at their own pace and Students can focus more in their leaning and their futures.

Even though school can be a good experiece, it can also be a disadvantage for your learning. Not everyone that goes to school have the same motives, some students are there to learn, and other students are there because they obligated to be there. The peolpe who don't have this positive motives, serve as a distraction to the people who want to learn, this type of students are mainly the ones who don't let the teacher teach and they always talking and have a bad attitude towards the rules. When we have this type of situation the students who want to learn loose education because of other peoples bad behavior, thats why learning from home is the best for those who feel like school don't help them expand their learning and direct them towards a good future.

Everyone learns at a different pace, some people can learn how to solve a math problem in a single explanation while for others it migth take a cuple of more explanatiod to undertand it. In school you have to go at the same pace as everyone else, because the teacher can't stop teaching to the rest of the class because you still don't get the subject. Learning from home gives you the chance to take your time to learn, and have a better aplication of the subject.

The best benefit from taking classes at home is that you are in your own comfortable environment. At school you have to deal with carrying a backpack all day, worrying about getting to class on time and not being allowed to go to the bathroom when ever you need to, when your at home you don't need to worry about those things. Taking classes at home are relaxed and comfortable, it makes it more easy to get straight to stuying, when at school you waist lots of time moving to one place to another.

Taking classes from home is the best way to learn because, it gives you the chance of doing your work at your own time, while beign in a silence place without getting interrupted.