Coserve energy and resources need effort of people that can be companies or schools to dedicate time to them. Some people say that if "Should my school follow this model by exentding the school day two hours?" As some companies dedicate time to the energy and resoruces, so those persons think that schools also should do that.

In my opinion like a student, dedicate time to keep conserving energy and resources is something important; becasue there many adventages one of them is that the energy is very important for us the people. With energy we can have light and without the light most of the persons can not to work. Also the student can not go to the schools. Dedicate time to that have a more adventages than disadvantages. One Disadvantages is the people who work and give four hours at week. If they work 8 hours each day, for the week are 40 hours. So them their payment will decrease. But one benefit is that they are showing that have interest to keep conserving the energy and saving the resources.

If student extende four-day week, they will lost a lot of time to learn in their classes. Also it is two hours at day for that cause, their learning will discrease to much. That is similary to the workers, that their payment decrease. But if the students just extend two hours at week, the students wil learn more. But the students shuould support that and follow the things that some factories do, because it's for our own welfare. Student can follow that the Saturday for the morning and do something. Can be placard with picture that show anything about like iwe saving energy, and it never will miss us. There are many forms that we lika a student can do. For example can go visit house and apparments have any conversetion with the owner. Try to ask to them if want to join in our crew.

Things like this is what we the student have to do, tip off to the people how economize the energy. Because sometime we have the televition turn on, and no one is whatching it. And if we turn off we would save a little bit more. Not just that, also the bill no will be to much. Same sometimes we are not in house and leave the light turn on. That is a signal of that we are mismage the energy, but ther never notice that. Work hard in a group is better than work alone. Because in a group we think more thing and creativity.

Do something like to keep conserving the energy and resources, is some that any one of us take care. When we know that it is for our comfort. But one day no very far away, we will regret for never do something to keep those two materials. Think is the knowledge of that we have to do something useful for our community, well not just for the community if not that for the level worldwide, because if for our own welfar, ans always keep conerving the things that give us benefits.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              