There are so many enjoyable ways to spend time outdoors. That is bike riding,skateboarding,rollerskating,

surfing,scuba-diving,camping,hiking,rock climbing, and snow boarding. However,the most people enjoy doing are skateboarding and bike riding. Mostly,during the summer,friends gather around the neighborhood and teach themselves how to skateboard and bike ride.

However,most parents disagree with having their children ride bikes and skateboard. Most parents think that their children are going to get abducted,raped,kidnapped or get hurt. Some parents also think is a good idea for their to children to skateboard and ride bikes outdoors,so they can cope with talking to people. Well I think is a bad idea for children to ride and skateboard in the Summer alone without parental guidance, because it takes a lot of training and focus to bike ride or skateboard. Some people can even scuba-dive if they have the experience. Most people like to spend time outdoors,for example,they can invite some friends over for some barbecue.

People like to spend time outdoors doing fun stuff like Snowboarding. Snowboarding is a cool way of spending time outdoors,because a lot of children like to play in the snow,so snowboarding is a fun way of playing in the snow. There are so many outdoor events like,Easter and partying. A lot of children like to hunt for Easter eggs during Easter,because they find eggs,candy and so on. Sometimes,most people like to go to outdoor-clubbing to chill,relax, and relieve stress. Some other people don't like to spend time outdoors during the night because they either don't have time or they have important things to do.

Mostly,during the Summer,most parents take their children outdoors to teach their kids how to ride their bikes. Eventually,people might find the activities mentioned above enjoyable,because they get to tell their friends their parents thought them how to ride a bike and skateboard,they could assist their friends. People like to spend time outdoors with friends than stay home alone and do nothing. They could try and teach themselves how to ride their bikes. If parents stay outdoor with their children on a campsite,they could make smores with a campfire and enjoy.

In conclusion,people should stay out more often so they can learn how to snowboard,skateboard,bike ride,rock-climb,roller-skating,surfing,camping,hiking,scuba-diving and jet-skiing.              