People always say do that or do this but you have the right to make your own decisions . I think people should trust their own decision other then having people telling them what to do. One reason I think its better for you to make your own decisions is that you could do what you want to do without anyone telling you other wise another reason is that you'll be able to build up confidence and won't be scared to speak up. What would you do make your own decision or have others make it for you. I'm here to show you how its better to make you own decision.

My first reason why I think it's better to make your own decisions is that you could do whatever you what to do. You don't have to listen to anyone else. If you want to go play:soccer,football, baseball ,and basketball then do it that's your own decisions. Don't go seeking guidance from someone else because they might tell you to go do something that you don't want to do or something that you already have done before,But if you make your own decisions you could do whats best fits for you and no one else. You could learn have fun by making your own decisions.

My other reason is that you'll be able to build up self confidence and won't be scared to speak up. A lot of people are really scared or shy to speak up what's on their mind but I feel like if people would just make their own decisions they wouldn't be scared or shy,But if people let other people make the decisions for them they are always going to be scared to speak up. I know this cause I was once shy I would never speak up for myself and I would let people make decisions for me ,But once I started make my own decisions i felt my confidence boosting up now i am not that shy no more and i can make my own decisions now.

A lot of people would disagree with me and say thats it better to go seek guidance and that the guidance should make the decisions for us. That they know whats best for us they are the experts because they have already done this before, So they can give us really go tips to help us make it more easier. They could be a really good help make are decisions or just make it for us that would help us in life. It would make us try new things out to see if we like it or not and if we don't like we have to go seek some more guidance that would help us make are decisions

I still think that its more better if you made your own decisions other then having someone else do it for you. I gave you two reason why I would make my own decisions and I also showed you why people would rather have other people make their decisions for them. I hope this prompt help you in life to figure out if you should make your own decision or have someone else make for you,But both of the side would help you in your life but I think making our own decisions is better and thats my decision no one else.    