People have been in a big debate now-days about technology effects on people's lives. Many people think that technology had a positive effect on how people communicate, while others think the very opposite. I think that technology has had a negative infuence in how people communicate. The fact can be seen on, teenagers issues with their parents, people becoming asocial, and the lack of ability to communicate with other people. I, as a teenager, can relate with most of these reasons because I see them in my home, school, and job activities.

Teenagers have a big issue with their use technology now-days. Teenagers spend most of their days using technology and most of their family fights are related with their use technology all the time. We can see how families try to have their kids away from using their phones all the time. Teens also get in their families nerves when they are caught using their phone in school, to cheat in an exam, record fights, or make fun of other people. Teens are also affected by technology with their mental-health. Some teenagers rather stay awake all night spending time on their phone instead of geting a good-night sleep. This problem affects the way of how teenagers think, communicate, and react to certain situations. I, for example, spend an avarege of eight hours on my phone in a whole day, I have problems concentrating and panic attacks some times. I went to a psycologist and he told me that, I wasn't getting enough sleep, it was the root of my problem and I had to stop using my phone while I was going to sleep.

Many people are becoming asocial. Online video-games have a big affect on people and how they communicate. Most people prefer being in their own world of games and entertainment. They spend most of their days playing video-games then out interacting with other people. We can see this in many children too. Where they decide to stay in home playing video-games rather then go out with their parents. Social media is other factor that had a negative inpact in people's lives. Most people don't go out anymore to get in contact with other person, they rather just to send a text or to call them instead.

People experience lack of ability to communicate and interact with other people. Some people spend so much time using technology that when they have to interact with other people they just don't know how to do it. I experience this one time while I was at work. A guy came using his phone. He started to order his food, but without looking. I asked him what he would like to order and he didn't answer instead he kept using his phone. I felt so offended as he kept ignoring me. He then left the store without ordering nothing. It is true that technology is really helpful, if used correctly, in so many way like, for easy shoping online, it could help you to gather information for a homework easily, and to communicate with others in a quick way. But there is more negativity in it just to see all of the bad habits and mistakes that it could make you do.

Technology could lead to a negative life. It affects our realtionships with out parents, our way of thinking, and our mental-health. Some people don't seen to realize such inpact in their life and dicide to just go with it. Technology can lead to these bad habits and it is realy affecting most of our families and communities now-days. This is why I think that technology has had such a negative inpact in our lives.      