Whether the limitation of human contact due to technology has had a positive or negative effect on people's lives, is a constant topic of discussion. Technology is an amazing tool, with countless positive effects. It has made society what it is today. Without it people would not know life the way that it is now. Technology makes many activities in life possible, which before would have been impossible. The first man to walk the moon did it by the means of technology. The vehicles which allow people to commute to work, or travel the world, were also created through technology. Buildings are powered with technology and our houses are to. Our whole world is surrounded by technology, and without it people would not live life the way that they do now. If a day came when people would have to give up all their technological advantages, life would be a catastrophe. People would not be able to get to work, there would be no way to talk to friends or family that are far away, the whole teaching system would have to be rebuilt, and many other countless horrible things would occur if technology where to be taken away from the people. We are highly dependent on technology, and that is not a negative thing. People have learned to live with it, and it makes life much easier than before the technology era started.

Easy and fast communication is one of the most important contributions that technology has provided to the new world. People's phones, computers, and even TV's now can connect everyone to loved ones. Human contact, is now even easier than it was before technology came into play. Now people can call a friend, and talk with them for hours, no matter the distance. People can text with family and friends, and it is even possible to constantly check on them with video calls. Before technology, people would have to travel many miles to come into contact with friends and family, but now thanks to technology everything has changed. Now, looking at family and friends through a little screen is a possibility, and not just something that happens in a futuristic TV show. People can tell close ones how their day is going, what has been going on in life, and every other small detail that could possibly pop into ones head. Losing human contact because of technology is not something to be worried about. Technology does not get rid of human contact. What it actually does is create the contact. It makes it possible to build bonds with people no matter the distance, and it also allows people to connect with loved ones when ever wanted.

Technology is also a very important part of current entertainment. Netflix, Apple Music, YouTube and many other apps keep people entertained for hours non-stop. Watching movies and listening to music, was something that used to be only done at concerts and at movie theaters. Thanks to the positive effects of technology, now a day enjoying good music, and movies is something that can be done at home. The best thing of these apps is the low prices, and thousands of content, which is updated over and over again constantly. Having easy access to good music and good movies while laying in the comfort of home is an activity which most people in the world would enjoy. These apps also make it possible for people with no connections to the world of entertainment to pursue a career that will be enjoyable. YouTube is one of the leading online video streamers in the world. People who want to pursue a career in entertainment have the opportunity to post their videos online and gain fans. This is something which would have been impossible before the technology era.

People love completing tasks while comfortably laying in bed inside home. Technology is so amazing, that it has made this possible to. People need to shop, but sometimes the stores which have the items that are needed are not close to their homes. Technology knows this, and it has made it possible to go to thousands of sites online and purchase anything. It is possible to buy shoes, clothing, electronics, and even food. When people shop in a normal retail store, it is possible to find sales and the items needed, but shopping online is a totally different experience. By shopping online it is much more likely to find the best possible price for an item, due to all the options that are available. There are also many items which are available for purchase online, but not available at stores. Shopping online is also surprisingly a very entertaining experience. Browsing thousands of items, and ultimately finding the best price is an activity which can keep people entertained for plenty of time. Shopping online is much easier, and comfortable than actually going to the stores to find the items that are needed.

Technology is a constant growing phenomenon, which needs to be constantly worked on. It is the fuel that powers the world. If it were to run out, everything would stop moving. With the technological discoveries that are being made every day, people are living longer lives, the depths of the world are being discovered, and new ways to sustain earth are being presented. If the way technology is growing continues at the pace it is currently going at, the world might find ways to cope with global warming, and maybe even find the cure to deadly diseases like cancer. This is how important technology is to the world. It goes to the point that if it is studied correctly it can save peoples lives, and even the world. Technology has already changed the world forever, and it will be no time at all for another invention to change the world once again. These changes will be for the good, and technology will prove to positively change the world once again.