The students must be self- confident in order to succeed. I agree that hard work helps to build self-esteems because students must have faith in their own abilities, they have to learn from their mistakes, and be proud of them achievements. That's why students can not be conform with insufficient work just to be admired by teachers or parents. Also, to able to be successful always needs high standards.

Even though, parents and teachers decide to praise the students by giving them gifts or other things. It can motivate the students but there is some days were people are not in a good mood and forget to praised the students. That's how students can't continue with the same motivation and loose confidence. For example, my Probability Statistics math class she used to gave us candy every single day so we never try to do our classwork, everybody failed her class.

Several students make mistakes while they are trying to accomplishing something and they give up when they don't have an easy solution. In reality that is when they are used to be treated with extreme indulgence. Of course, it doesn't matter how many mistake they make; it matters to continue believing in them self. Eventually, my friend Generic_Name came from Generic_City, she used to go to

Susbury University it was difficult for her to learn English she also failed three classes. But she did not care how many times she failed. She believe in herself and she achieved her goal now she is an ESL teacher.

How does people becomes doctors or professionals? some people don't have their parents alive or they are far away from each other so they don't have nobody to praised them. From my opinion, they should be proud of them self. All the effort, dedication, passion for the school and they don't need somebody to award them to be trust. But also, it's not easy for the students to succeed in this world unless they want to work for it. Everybody can notice when they gain something beneficial for their life and be satisfied with them great effort. From my own experience, my biology teacher it was very strict that she screamed at my face the first day of the semester but I showed her that I'm better what she thought I was. So I passed her class with an average of 80 and I also passed the SOL.

Finally, when the students are comfortable from what they already accomplished, it's when they have a great opportunity to build them self-esteems. They do not need to be pushed with emotional things to able to be confident, If they get emotional later on, they wouldn't be able to continue without being praised. Some people do not survive when they don't get to achieved, then they complain on someone who don't give presents. Self-esteems always comes from achievements never comes from praising. 