I highly agree with the words that Tomas Jeffrson wrote. I agree because if we don't do anything, this won't take us nowhere. Also, if we never do something, we'll never have the satisfaction that we have done something in life because inactivity not always is good for people. On the other hand, sometimes, we don't do nothing, we feel more easygoing, with less pressure, and more free.

First, if we don't do nothing, if we don't have responsabilities, we'll never going to learn nwe thing because we are going to be used to having a "free" life. For example, if you like to feel free, without responsabilities and one day somebody needs your help in something important, you might not could help that person because you might not know what to do. You might feel bad and the other person might feel bad too. Not knowing what to might be your mistake because you might never want to take resposabilities. If we do things along life, we'll learn to do new things, to be more responsible. To do things is always good for everyone. At the end, everything we have learned wil help us.

Second, is always good for us to do good things, things that can help others and fill us with satisfaction. Inactivity in our lifes don't help us a lot and this can't make others feel happy. There are a lot of reasons why is good for ourselfs and others to do good things. One reason can be that when you help or give something, no matter how small or big is, you also give a smile. Another reason can be when you help your family or just do something for them, you make them happy. You can make them happy by doing small things but also big. For example, helping at home, helping your childs with homewokor other things. Doing sometimes always can make you and others happy. One last reason can be when you help people that need it. It don't matter how small or bing is your help is, you fill them with happiness as you can fill you too. This little things can fill your life with satisfaction as you you fill others.

Although, being active is good, sometimes we also need our time, feel free, feel in peace, without responsabilities. This always happens with everyone, all people sometimes want to have their days out of the routine. Inactivity sometimes can also be goog for people. For example, we all sometimes want to feel free but because of the responsabilities we have we not always can have time for us. This lead us to feel stressed and sometimes to the point that feel annoyed at everything. Not doing nothing can also helps us feel good.

Based on the writing, I believe that both things can be good for us, doing things and being inactive. I might incline to the side of doing something but we also have to know how to handle with it. No matter if we do good, small, or big things and we have responsabilities we can never forget abput ourselfs. We always have to be between both of them to make others feel happy, to help them, and that we also feel free and happy. Doing everything and norhung at the same time help us and fill of satisfaction.