What is something you would like to accomplish in the future? well for me seeing myself on live TV for pro boxing. It has been one my biggest dames since i was just a little kid. boxing helps me in school and everyday life,shows me that i have to work hard for what i want in life ,and gives you the mindset to put 100%of yourself in what you are doing at any given time.

First, you may ask me well how does boxing help you in school or your everyday life well let me tell how it helps me in school and everyday life. In school i was never the smartest in any of my classes but i never gave up as i saw the kids in my class get

As and i would get Cs on a test.

me being in boxing made me hate to lose so ill go home and go over everything over and over aging till i knew what i had had miss the first time. I would go in the next day or week to retake the test and walked in the class with the mindset of getting 100% and thats what i did boxing just gives you that work as hard as you can mindset that u need so you can tell yourself at lest tried to do my best. Boxing for me in life is just the best felling i could get makes me feel proud of myself every time i walk i the gym. Boxing is just a way i can express myself if am sad having a bad day or anything.

Next,Its been said you could play football,basket ball but you cant play fighting. Becoming a boxer isnt essay the amount of work you have to put in, the time u give up,and the pain you put your body in shows anybody that work is for everyone who wants something in there life. We rather be in bed and not work. Theres a saying that says "all do some but some do all" some of us like to take the essay way out but its not about what you receive at the end its about the late nights you stay up pushing yourself to be the best you can be. Its about how you were able to get where you are in life. For me boxing has shown me that if i put my time and my mind on anything i will be able to accomplish anything but it will take time and work thats why i need to work as hard as i can. I dont wanna do what others are doing am going improve in my way and overcome anything thats in my way.

thirdly. what do i mean by 100% of yourself well you cant go to the gym for Horus then go eat fast food. if your going to put 100% of yourself in to anything its day and night. Set yourself apart from others if they get up at 7am to go to the gym and work must believe am getting up at 6am everyday till i see myself on live TV.there is sayint that says

"Rest at the end not in the middle"you ever seen someone so close to getting what they wanted but they gave up. It took to long or it was to hard for them who knows if you see yourself in that position aging football players , basket ball players ,boxers they all say "they dont sleep as much so they dont miss there call to be a all time great." At what they do but they dont just wake up being so good they had to work to be that good.

Lastly,that is what i want to accomplish in my life it will takes time and work but i believe that it is worth it but that how boxing helps me in school and my everyday life,shows me that i have to work as hard as i can to get what i want,always give it my all and my full 100% that is what i want and need to accomplish in my life.                                                                                                                