Pupusa's originally come from El Salvador and are actually a Salvadorian food. It's surprisingly so good that it's a lot of people's favorite food. There's so many pupusa restaurants in El Salvador and have a variety of flavors like queso, frijoles , and many more that's also why people like it so much. One place in the world I would like to visit is El Salvador because the food is so good,my aunt lives there, and I get to visit places I've never been to.

My aunt lives in El Salvador and I like seeing her we always have fun together. My aunt is a very sweet person she's always nice to me I've been close to her since I was little. When I was little my aunt would to take me to these nice restaurants to eat pupusas de queso they were always my favorite. I like spending time with her because shes always happy and is fun to be with. When I'm with her it's always a good time we go to the movies together and to the pool sometimes. I only get to see my aunt twice a year because she has a job in El Salvador. She comes to Virginia where I live during the summer and Christmas to see me and her daughter and have some fun as a family. Sadly I dont get to see her that much but when I do I cherish that time to be with her.

In El Salvador there are so many foods to try out but I only have three foods I like. They sell this really good food called tamales in the markets. They have corn and chicken tamales I like corn. They have tamales in Virginia but it doesnt taste as good and fresh as the tamales in El Salvador. Pupusas are my favorite type of food. I buy them all the time when I go to El Salvador. I've been eating them since I was little. Pupusas will always be my favorite Salvadorian food. In El Salvador people sell corn with these toppings outside their house to earn money they are very cheap only 3 quarters. The toppings they put on the corn on a stick is ketchup , mustard , and cheese. I know it sounds gross but surprisingly it's really good. Another thing I love about El Salvador is there food because it just taste so good and it's different from the other foods.

When I'm in El Salvador I get to go to new places I've never been to and meet new people. I like going to the beach there with my family it's so warm and the weather is amazing it never gets cold in El Salvador only after it rains. The good thing about being at the beach in El Salvador is that you get to eat Salvadorian food while your there. Sometimes on Fridays me and my family we go to new restaurant that we havent tried before to try out the food. There's a lot of restaurant in El Salvador I havent seen and I would like to go to. Usually every Mondays me and my aunt go near the malls to give back to the less fortune. It feels good giving back to people that don't have a home or even food. There are many things you might not know about El Salvador like it's history or the amazing places they have that you might like to see and learn about someday.

El Salvador is a great place to visit you get to learn new things about their culture and try new foods that are different from what you eat everyday. One place I would like to visit is El Salvador because of the nice people there, most of my family is there, and I barely go there anymore. So you should go learn new things about El Salvador it's a great place.            