Yes I think it is a good idea for students to plan their career early because students can be prepared for the real world, it can help with jobs, and it could help them in college. When students graduate they will face challenges . They have to find a job to support their needs. Students will also need to find what they want to do in life to make them be successful. A planned career really gives a head start to those who want to achieve more and be prepared.

The real world is tough if you dont have a plan because it can be too late to accomplish goals. Planning at a young age gives students advantages for their work. This also helps with a students resume if they want to attend college.

Jobs want students who are successful and take work seriously. When a student graduates they want to make it in life and not struggle.

Another reason students should plan early is for jobs. A job gets people money and they can use this for more school or for other needs. A planned job at a young age is a very good head start for many reasons. Students can save up for college or by a vehicle. An early job gives them a lot of experience and helps benefit when they look for more places to work outside of school.

More reasons students should plan their careers early is for college. College helps keep them in school giving more education. More education and knowledge also helps students get better jobs. Getting better jobs helps students make more money for their future. The money helps support their needs for example like owning a house.

Some people today dont want to go to college which does not mean they wont be successful. Sometimes students prefer to find better jobs to make a living without anymore education. When students dont plan ahead that also does not mean they are always too late for anything. Students would sometimes need more time to figure want they want to do in life. As long someone works hard they can accomplish all their goals and commit to a career at a young age.