Technology allows people to complete tasks without having contact face to face. Some may think that technology has a negative effect on people's lives. I disagree because i believe that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a positive effect on people's lives. My 3 reasons are that, you can have contact with family members overseas, download online apps for anything you want, and meet new people.

Technology is the reason why we are still in contact with family members from across the world. For example, my moms side and dads side both live in Generic_City, which is overseas. Without technology it would be impossible for anyone to contact the other side. IMO, WhatsApp, and Messenger are the main apps my parents use to contact their family and if technology didnt exist it would take forever to get in contact with them. Even if you didnt have these apps without technology there wouldn't be cars, trains, and airplanes and those are the only ways you would be able to travel from one place to another.

There's many online apps that has a big positive effect on people's lives. For example, there's apps for you to online shop from where you could buy any type of clothing, shoes, purses, makeup, and ect. Also, If you have no ride to go to the store or the mall there are ways to buy outfits and everything you want without going to the place. That's why technology has a positive effect on people's lives in this generation. Some people may think that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on people's lives. Those people should consider that there are online apps that would have a huge positive effect on us. If we didnt have technology we wouldn't have had online schooling, people who cannot go to school need online school so they can have some type of education.

Technology also is a great place to meet new people or make new friends. Instagram and Snapchat only exist because of technology. Social media apps are good technology apps for people who're shy, quiet, and introverts. For example, I met my best friend on Snapchat, just by talking to her everyday we became close and became best friends. I met my other friends on a different social media app, Instagram. Ive met a lot of people through instagram. Without technology i wouldn't have able to met people from across the glob or even across state.

In conclusion, technology allows people to complete tasks without facing each other. People can check out books, shop online, and play games. I believe that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a positive effect on people's lives. My 3 reasons are that, you can have contact with family members across the globe or across the state, download online apps for school or for online shopping, and you can also meet new people or make new friends.    