That I agree with this accomplishment. The first reason is to be yourself on what you are good at. The second reason is people working hard and being successful at it. And the third reason is doing a career that you like to do in the future. Example: Being positive, always be yourself, and choose your favorite career that you love.

When I'm good at something that's just me. I put this reason because I want to do a career that I like and focus on. It really help finding a career that I like. When I like to do a career, I will earn money, And I might give some money to my parents. Because I'm the type of person that shows respect, honest, and careful. Like when I play basketball everyone told me to be yourself and just play and it was successful. That being yourself will always be positive and accomplishment moving forward.

I want to be successful by working as hard to earn money. Even athletes work so hard to reach the Finals, The World Cup, and others. Athletes wanted to success and win the playoffs for the fans. Everyone earn a lot of money by working hard and being successful. Life would make it much easier if you just be yourself, work hard, and always be positive. People wanted to get money so they can by things for parents or even cousin. When I work hard, My parents are always happy. That being yourself calms you down, when you get mad at something.

Doing a career I like will help me make it easier to be positive, be myself, and being a hard worker. That I can accomplish everything by during the thing I like to do and know how to do. Some people makes it that simple to be yourself on what career I really love to do. I like to do marketing about sports because I watch a lot of sports. I will be myself by choosing what college and career I want to do.

Conclusion: That being positive, get a career, and being yourself will help me get money and make people respect you. Like being yourself is like doing your own job. But it look easier by doing it. Being yourself helps me with choosing career, college on what I want to do, and always be positive. Some people want to do their job by themselves so they can accomplish and get money. I should always be myself when I'm mad or sad to calm myself down. It helps when that happen so thats why i agree with Emerson statement.                    