Community park,sates park, and national park are fun because you can ask your friends to come with you to play any sports like basketball,soccer,baseball,and football or kickball. Playing outdoor is fun because you could play with your friend from school or you could play with your cousin or your own brothers, because some kids don't like to play outdoor because they rather stay indoor so they can play with there friend video games. Older people like going outside to go for a run or riding there bikes with there kids and they like to play any sports with there kid at the park. Examples:( basketball,football,soccer,volleyball).

Why should people be outdoor because, what are they going to do indoor all day by not going outside, and go have fun with your friends or cousin or your brothers or sister. Going outside is fun because you could ride your bike around the your neigh broad hood or you can play tag with your friend because little kids like to play tag with another person because it's fun for them or they could play kickball or anything they all want to play outdoor with another person because playing outside is fun because you could play with anyone in the family because some people like to go to the park with there whole family and they could all play a sports together that they all would love to play as a family. going outdoor is fun when it's spring time or summer because its really hot that time and it's a good time to go to the park with the whole family because a lot of people like go at that time of the year or season because they can go to have fun at the soccer field or the baseball field to go on and play a game together or you can play a kickball at the baseball field.

When it's summer time or spring a lot of people would like to come outside because they can go to the stat park or the community park or the national park to ride there bikes or going for a run around the park or going to the park with your family to go have some fun with your cousin at the park you could play soccer,baseball,kickball,and you could walk around the forests with your brother because you might find something really inserting and you might found an animal somewhere I think you might find a bear or fox and a frog like a different kind of a frog in the forest and you might take that kind of a frog home with you and you can take care of it yourself. Going outdoor is fun because you could go to the pool or the nearest park were you live. Some people like to be outdoor because like to play football outside because some people kids dad play football when there were kids now the father like to play football with there kids or there grandchildren. some people do not like to come outside during the summer because they don'thave school or homework they could do what ever they want to do because it's summer time some other kids come outside for the whole dad if want to because there no school or homework for them and they can even go to the park all day with there friends.    