Dear principal, I'm writting this letter to let you know my opinion on the idea of change the school lunch menu into a new healthier menu. I think that it would be a good idea change the lunch menu to be more healthy because it will help the students to consume less unhealthy food, can help students to stay healthy and could encourage the students to begin eat healthier.

Students consume unhealthy food on school alsmost every day, change the menu into a healthier will help students to consume less unhealthy food. Eating unhealthy food daily could damage students in many differents ways. One this ways is that could bring students diseases such as heart problems or could cause obesity in a young age. Additionally change the menu could not just be benefical for students it could also help teachers and personal staff as well to consume less unhealthy food daily.

By having a healthier menu could help the students to stay healthier because they will be eating the proteins that they needed to develped better. Also this could help students to do better in things such as sports, and their respectives classes on school. Another advantage of this menu is that will give students the opportunity to try something new instead of having the same food that they're had been having year over year. In addition by doing this could migth make students realize that having this menu is not just to force them to eat food that they don't like, instead is to keep and them stay healthy.

Even thougth that some of the students will migth think that this would be a bad idea because will eliminate some of their favorite food, I think it will be helpful for them because by doing this will encourage them to begin to eat healthier, because that could help them now and on the future. Also this could encourage them to covince their friends and family to begin to eat healty because this could prevent them from having a disease just for eating unhealthy food.

In conclusion I think that change the school menu into a new healthier lunch menu is a good idea, because it will help the students to consume less unhealthy food, could help them to stay healthy and could encourage them begin to eat healthier. Those are the reasons that make me think this way, I hope this letter could help you decide that implement this plan is a good idea to change the school for better. Thank you for you time, dear principal.