School is the place for every students to meet each other for 9 hours , in 4 different classes , and 4 different teachers . I do not think the students will benefit for being able to attend classes from home or online classes because this resolution will make the student solitary , there is no interrupted reasons or thing that will make me agree with this resolution , and in my opinion when you learn face to face or when you see the teacher explain every thing for you that will make your brain learn more . Also , the schools do inefficiency and culture clubs that will interest you because it support the talent.

First ,They will not be able to make friendship on the home, but in school they will have a chance to make more friends . And you can meet you favorite teachers , Again , school is the place for every students meet on for 9 hours, in 4 different classes , and 4 different teachers . Second , There is uninterrupted seasons for students to stay at home, maybe their reason is when they wake up on the morning at 6 am , that is hard I agree , but not harder then stay on the home all the day ,and they will be lazy because when they wake up at 6 am morning , the brain be energetic and getting more thing to learn quickly. And may be their reasons homework ,they can finish their homework during the study block if they have or line lunch ; however , online schools they give homework too . Third , some students will do nothing of school work on home, " my school make the students stay on home on Monday to do visual leaning day and the truth no did nothing form the assignment the teacher put on the app called Schoolgy..... " learn on school is better in my opinion because when you learn face to face or when you see the teacher explain every thing and every details , for you that will make your brain learn and understand more.Therefore, school is better then home online classes because that will make the student solitary, there is no interrupted reasons or thing that make me change my idea and agree with this resolution . And some students will do nothing of school work on home .  