Following a four-day school week might have advantages or disvantages. Although some say school should not follow four-day school week because students will not be able to learn as much as attending to school five days, actually schools should follow a four-day school week so students can have more time to rest and do homework.

Some say schools should not follow four-day school week because students will not be able to learn as much as attending to school five days. Attending to school four days will not be enough time for teachers to go through each lesson as for students to catch them easily. For these reason, students might not be competent when having tests, homework or other assignments. I think that not following a four-day school week is a good decision because students will learn more attending five days to school.

Actually schools should follow a four-day school week so students can have more time to rest. some students join activities after school such as soccer, volleyball, basketball and others. So, some times they have practice after school where they have to be there for like two hours. Basically, they get at home late where they might have homework to do or help their parents to do anything. I strongly believe that schools should follow a four-day school week in order to consider students.

Schools should follow four-day school week because students need enough time to complete their homework. In order to get good grades on homework, students should have enough time to complete it. However, when students do not do their homework , most of the time they do not do well on their tests. Homework help students to prepare for tests, quizzes, and it also help teachers to know if students are learning.

Although some say schools should not follow four-day school week because students will not be able to learn as much as attending to school five days, actually schools should follow four-day school week so students can have more time to rest and do homework. I have faith that schools will make the best decision for students. 