Failing can always be terrible for us but we learn from it. Failure is something that some of us rely on. I worked hard to find a way to be successful. Our lives isn't done yet even as was old people we'll still fail but we can motivate others to stay on track, to never forget where they came from, and to never forget their story.

Even though Winston said "in order to succeed we must fail." I believe that from failure we can learn from our mistakes and reach new heights. After failing on something a person worked hard for it will motivate them to keep on trying until they succeed. Staying motivated can push us to new levels that we didnt know we could do. Failing again on something you dreamed on doing will motivate people to keep on pushing. Lebron failed to give his home town a title for the NBA playoffs, eventually he left the team and joined the Heats. He won a championship with them, many fans were angry, yet that didnt stop him from coming back to his town. He came back to Cleveland in 2016, he then gave his fans what he promised and won the finals against Steph Curry. Therefore he failed but he eventually found success and motivated others as well.

Failure can teach someone from their mistakes. I made a mistake in a video game and basketball before that caused me to think twice on what I was doing. I played Mario before and there was a boss fight I could not defeat. I failed and like always I managed to win. There was a time in my life were I failed in basketball that caused me to wonder if I was even good at the sport I loved, so i decided to train to improve my weakness. i had to coach myself how to do certain things that i couldn't do since I've never been coached in my life; it was hard at first, but I knew that I had to improve where I failed. A couple of months went past, I showed many others on what I could do... I finally gotten where wanted to be and for that reason i'm grateful. In conclusion, we must fail in order to find our weakness to improve on.

Succeeding in something can also be a failure. There was a time were I succeeded but still failed. Coming out successful can be a failure because it can get to our heads and change us to become a failure. In my history class I was a very smart kid, but it got to my head and eventually I failed a test that brought my grade down. I retook the test and made sure to double check my answers and passed the retake test. I was successful in a video game that spent days to finish, I got cocky and started doing something that caused me to lose all of my progress. It took me another month to get to were I was, but I still found other ways to succeed. In conclusion, you should never be too confident.          