Inactivity will most definitely not get you anywhere in life. By not giving up and always doing something, you'll accomplish more in your lifetime. You'll learn a lot in the process, and you'll also set a great example for others.

There's a good amount of people who are good at something in life, but never get the opportunity like other's to be successful at it. For example, sports. If your good at sports nowadays, you can easily make it to the big leagues and have a good salary, if and only if, your focus and show that you want it more than others. You gotta be unique in someway. Because if you think your good enough already and sit back and think that there's no one better than you out there, then your wrong. That means your mentality is not set for success, it's set for failure. If you decide to be Idle, you'll lose your chance to make it to the big leagues because there's many people out there who are hungry and are willing to take that spot from you. For example, Ousmane Dembele, former Barcelona player, took the starting spot from Philip Coutinho. Because at practice and some games, Dembele showed that he had what it takes to start over Countinho. Coutinho did suffer an injury, but when he recovered, he pretty much became Idle and Dembele was already far ahead from what Coutinho was when he started.

When you decide that you want to be successful, it's not only good for you, but also for others. Because your setting a good example,for people that look up to you, younger siblings, etc. I'd rather die trying to be successful, than not, because then I know I made someone happy, like my family. Trying isn't going to harm you, matter of fact, It'll get you somewhere in life where It will only motivate you to do more, and become a better person. A person like me, would never become Idle because i've witnessed what happens when a person becomes Idle. Especially High School students. I've seen many students get jobs and lose their interest in school because they've "found" an easy way to make money. And many think that they don't need education, that's why I, myself, haven't had the interest to look for a job at the moment. I witnessed my cousin, get a job at Wendy's, going from straight A's and B's, to becoming Idle towards school and finishing the year with all F's and only one D. That's why I encourage students not to get a job right away when they become 16 years old. I would rather wait for the summer, get a job, and make money. Because you can't also sit around and not do anything in the summer.

Everyone gets to that one point in life, where they'll find themselves being Idle, but that's great because they learn from it. They learn what's bad from it, and hope to never be like that. At least I've learned from it. I suffered a bad injury freshman year, which lead to my downfall a little bit because when I came back from the injury, I noticed that I wasn't the same anymore. My team mates were telling me that I'll most likely never be the same again and that another person was gonna take my spot. I took their words, and trained harder than ever. I became a better player than I was, took me a bit of time, but I got there. And that inspired me a lot, I even started playing with better people so that I could learn from them. I pushed myself out side of my comfort zone, but it payed off. I inspired my brother to also become a goalkeeper, he now trains with me every weekend.

Thomas Jefferson states that by always doing something, you'll accomplish more, and it's a wonderful thing when people acknowledge that. I, in fact agree with him, because when you're Idle, you most definitely won't get anywhere in life. There's always something to do out there, for every human being. You just have to push yourself outside of your comfort zone, and do things in life that makes you happy.                                                                            