Some school districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the additional four years. Honestly it is a good idea that some high school offer a program like that. They got their things done in three years. The students who do that take their time, also spend time during the summer, they dedicated more to get done their studies in a short time. Some people will think that is not fair for the others students, that graduated in four years.

First, if the students wanted to finished high school early. They have ideas; otherwise, they had already thought what they wanted to be. They push themselves to another level, to get their things done, however, some of them do that to start saving money. The year that they wasn't in school, they took it to get ready for college, with the money, with the papers, they have the time to over think what they really want. I will put my cousin of example, she did that, she graduated in three years, then she got two jobs to get money for her college, she push herself to do what she really wants. Now, she's in college getting her degree as nurse.

Second, if all the schools offer that I know that a percent of students will be doing that. A lot of people think if they could have a chance to get graduated quickly as they can. Some of them because they want to help their families soon as possible they can. We have a lot of immigrants, they came to the country to a better life, and I know a lot of them will like to get graduated early. It is a good choice for all of them, they can help their families.

In conclusion, it is a good chance for students, they dedicated time to graduated in three years, they push themselves to be someone with a good degree some day, some of them do that, just because they have families issues and they want to help them getting done high school early. Some of them want to get done early because in one year they have other chance to get some money, to make sure want they really want to be some day. It is a really good offer.      