I think this will help the younger the older students with.

The younger students getting more experience from the older students. It can also help with both students being in the same level as each other. The students will get involved with both not doing the same things in the program that they do. Both younger students and older students will be able to know more things in this program that they never knew before. They can also learn more skills that can help them in their future.

This can help them in the future with them knowing more skills such as "materials,knowing how to get better,getting smarter,joining programs with older and younger and older students can be a good thing with both groups learning the same things at the same time and than you can also learn things that other students may not know already or it can teach them athletic skills to keep there body healthy many of these things can help you be involved in life or anything younger students and older students can learn all of these to get smarter. Knowing all of this can help a lot. also older students assisting younger students is very useful to the younger students.

Older students assisting younger students is helpful because they will be able to at least teach them a little bit more information about what the program is about and how it works. Both younger and older students can also do programs that help the school,educate more students,and helping with things around the school. Helping around the school such as"cleaning the school,helping stacking chairs,and helping with carrying things inside the school like food,things for gym,and other kinds of school supplies. Thats why assisting schools can helpful to the scholl it self. There are many programs that you can be able to join such as after school programs,programs that are during the summer, and programs that are only during the winter season. This is how younger students and older students can get involved while doing programs during or after school.     