In my opinion, they shouldn't let students attend class from home. Students do not attend their classes will most likely to slack off. Although it is a great idea, only the truthful will attend classes from home while the other student will be in school. Students need to be in school to social and get out of their house, students shouldn't be in their bed listening to the teacher and being lazy all day. Student needs to be in school.

From my point of view, students should be in school to socialist and need some fresh air. If a student stay home then they'll feel lonely, decrease their social skills, and be lazy. Due to this, students can develop some type of mental health problems if they stay in their house for a while, also some student who is in home will most likely skip school just to enjoy their day off. Teachers should know their students more. If a teacher knows who wants to learn then they'll most likely will focus on that student but if the student doesn't care then the teacher will try their best to help the student. Therefore all K-12 students should be in school and learn.

Even though you understand my argument however, I think the trustworthy students should attend class at home. If a student shows respect and work really hard, then they would most likely to attend class at home if necessary. Although it is best if they attend in class but if they are sick then they are welcome to attend class in home as long they listen to the teacher and take notes. But if they are really sick or any emergency, than they should email the teacher to let them know. Students should always let the teacher know when they are not in school and ask the teacher's permission to do a video conference.

Without a doubt, students should be in school to socialist and need of fresh air, I do believe that everyone will be good in class and show respect to any adults. All student needs to be healthy in a physical and mental way. Students need to be in school in order to build their social skills because that's part of life, to socialist people if they need some assists or you need some assists as well. However, if there's a trustworthy student who work really hard may attend class in home. But if a student is awfully sick and in crisis then he or she will email the teacher that they are not in school and ask if they can do the work next class or in the morning and lunch break. Whether or not I think all K-12 student should go to school and learn instead learning it from home.                