In the World, we have a lot of energy and resources like : tree, water, sunlight,... Everyday, we almost to use energy and resources spend for each individual. It's really necessary for everybody right ? But someone will not even know which one is benefits and which one is disadvantages. It's will be the big problem appears if we use to the wrong way. Now, I will talking a little about energy and resources.

Almost energy and resources is important. Because it's help for house and car,... Specially they can be created a lot of work and help some people lost the job, and it's might be easy to help the life better. When the energy improve than we can change to energy natural like : sunlight, wind, ... It's energy never gone. We can take that and applies for industry. It can save a lot money for every body right ? People Japanese could be applies energy natural to created the train. That's train can go faster and now is top one in the world about train faster. Almost some businesses have work four-day with ten hours. it's good, because ten hours for a day is enough. If we spend time too much about resources than someday, it's will be gone.

If we used resources too much. Someday, it will be gone. Like we take tree change for paper or desk, when the tree not anymore. The storm is coming, what else can be safe people pass to storm. If some state used too much energy for they job than some state can lost the energy because the energy not share enough. The same thing people Chinese growth up too fast, they need resources to do house and anything necessary for them. When resources is gone, the can not created any house. So some people need to move another country can survive.

I think four-day school a week is good. Because every student can be practice and even know about that. And can learning about energy and resources so important in the life. With two more hours a day, I think every students can interesting about the energy and resources.

To me, I need know more information about energy and resources. And someday, I can become a teacher. Can be teaching for every students know about important of the energy and resources.            