Wonderful, amazing, and brilliant that's what imagination is. I totally agree that imagination is more important than knowledge. You can used imagination at all time, when you're reading a book, playing or watching your favorite sport, and when your thinking of a place you would like to visit for vacation. You can do a lot of things by only using your imagination.

How can you use imagination when you are reading a book. It depends on what kind of book you love and enjoy to read. I'll give you an example, I like to read adventure books. When I'm reading this type of books I love to imagine how happy would I be if I was that type of person doing that type of adventure. Imagination is an awesome tool to use when you are reading a book. If you love reading this type of books use your imagination, use it to enjoy what you are reading.

Do you have a favorite sport, or a favorite player. Imagine you were a soccer player, a basketball player, or any type of player. Imagine how wonderful and amazing would that be. If I was a famous soccer player I would be Lionel Messy. When I'm watching soccer I start to imagine that I'm Messy and that I'm the one who is scoring all those goals. You can imagine a lot of things, you can imagine you being a scientist, artist, and a actor.

Thinking of a place to visit for vacation. If you have a lot of stress take a break and sit down in your couch and imagine your dream vacation.

Let's say you want your dream vacation in Hawaii. Imagine you are surfing on those big waves, sky diving, and learning how Hawaiian people dance. Also you can learned about the culture and generation about Hawaii.

Imagination is a great thing to have in life. Imagine your adventures when you're reading a book, imagine your favorite player being you, and imagine your dream vacation in any place around the whole world. It doesn't matter how old or young you are, keep using your imagination, if imagination keeps you happy than used it. The only thing you need to worry about is your happiness and the happiness of those who you love the most. Keep imagine all the great things you love to imagine.        