In this world some people believe to choose our own character traits is better but I disagree with that argument. I will be choose the our character formed by influences beyond our control. For example, you can should be change their characteristic by control your self, you can create yourself by control your self, and one can grow your self.

I believe our character formed by influences beyond our control. The reason for this is personal character would be changed. For example, my sister was very shy until when she was 2nd grade. Because of she was very shy her elementary school teacher ask my mom to check if she had some problem or she just very shy. When she was middle of the 2nd grade, transform the school from Japanese elementary school to American elementary school. We was really worry about she can make friends or not at school. But she made a change herself. At a school she try very hard and try her best to speak up more. Then few weeks later she became more active then when she went Japanese elementary school. Now she is a most active person in the siblings.

Every people have their own character formed by their traits. But you can create your self by control by yourself. For example,

if you have a one thing that you don't like about your own character then you believe you want change that your characteristic. I hate my characteristic of been too nice. I think it's a nice thing but I can't reject any thing and I accept every thing what my friend told because of my too much care about someone else's eyes.

So, I try to don't accept that I don't want to do and tell the people to why I don't wanna do. Step by step, my characteristics are changed by these action. I became the people that can says my opinion and still I have it, but I do not really care about the someone else's eyes.

The last reason is a you can grow yourself by our control. As like as just said in first two example you can change and yourself and create yourself. After you change or create yourself you feel you are become growing. It not mean in physically it mean mentally. To having new characteristics it grow your mind more like adult. For example, before I change my characteristics, my way of thinking was more child but after changed my character. I always thinking about "if I did something, what other person thinks " and been really scary to other person but now I can decide my own opinion and ideas. So, I feel I become more growth and the way of my thinking is like become more adult.

In conclusion, change your character by influences beyond our control become you to be more grow up. Change your self by control yourself, create your characteristics by own, and become grow by changing your characteristics. People grow in mental meaning and become more active. To be changed our personal characteristics is changed in good way and better way.

So, I would believe to choose the side that our character formed by influences beyond our control. 