Do you think students would benfit from beign able to attend classes frommhome ?

I beleive students should'not take online classes at home. online claases are not like regular claases you take. online classes have their own specfic time that you have to be on your computer and also how long you have stay on your computer. The one thing it's hard about home school student it that you not going to have freinds. you going to be by your self all time. But after saying all that their is little benfit of online school. The one thing and why students want take home school is that you have until 11:59 PM to turn in your work that means you have all day to do school work and also you can search things up when you dont know. I know all this beacuse i tooked English 11 online this past summer.

Home school don't have a lot benfits. Home school means that you take your claases online it means you going to be on your computer all day thats gonna to afftect your helath .it's going to affect your helath means that it's going to make you wear glasses and you'r no longer going to see good with out your glasses. The number one thing home school don't benfits you is that it's a lot work it's like doing twenty more times work then school a day. The scond thing home school don't benfits you is that their no one to control you like teacher does and you'r not going to have help when you need help like staying after, and teachers always try to make things easy for their students. The last and the third thing is that you'r not going to have a lot freinds as how you going to have freinds in school and you'r not going to have a lot fun like no prom, no homecoming, you going to miss a lot expreince taking classes at home and you going to struggle.

Students wants take classes at home beacuse they think its going to be easy. There is some benfites taking classes at home the one and a lot people take claases at home is that you have all day to do your work and also you can wake up late if you want. you'r not going to have sedhcule like school does, when i say you can wake up any time you want it's like you go on blackborad you get the worksheet for the day and you have until 11:59 PM to do the work and after you finsh you turn it in on black bord so you have time to sleep and have fun. But the problem is that the work sheet take around seven hous to do. The second benfit of home school is that you can search any thing you want and there no one is thrtre to control you and no one is there to yell at you and tells you what to do.

I beleive students should'not take online classes at home. online claases are not like regular claases you take. online classes have their own specfic time that you have to be on your computer and also how long you have stay on your computer. i dont recomnd no one to take home school .I recomond going to school with your freinds having fun and learnig with your freinds getting help from teachers and also they exprince of school is way important then you think in your future life beacuse in your future life your kids might ask you how was school on your days. so going to school way important then you think.                                                                                                    