Playing an instrument is a very educational and enjoyable activity to do. If you know how to play an instrument you can get many advantages from it, that could be really fun for you to do, you can also help people by teaching them how to play an instrument, and last but not leats you can play an instrument in your free time.

If you know how to play an instrument you can get many advantages from it. Playing an instrument can lead you to a great career that can really help you in life. Playing an instrument can make you learn other instruments faster. And my last reason why playing an instrument give you a lot of advantages, is that you an upload videos on

Social Media of you playing an instrument which will make you meet famous or nice people that can guide you to a better life.

My second reason is that you can help people by teaching them how to play an instrument, it can be really enjoyable for both of you. There is a lot of people out there that believe in themselves and have a lot of positivity in themselves too, they would really like to learn an instrument and it could be really fun teaching them because they really want to learna new thing. You can also meet new and nice people, that can make you learn a new instrument, and you can also go to specific places where you can show and teach people with disabilities how to play an instrument which will make them really happy.

Playing an instrument in your free time is a cool thing to do. Playing an instrument in your free time can relax your body and it can make you forget your daily problems. In the other hand playing an instrument can make you avoid technology like cellphones, computer and tablets which is something really good and my third reason is that it can make you learn and improve your talent or career.

In conclusion playing instruments is a really fun activity. If you are bored now you can just play an instrument, you can also play an instrument in your free time, you can get advantages and you can teach which is also a really fun thing to do. And that's why playing an instrument is really fun.      