I want to have a beneficial and efficient work. There is two way to do it one is doing it alone and the other one is do it in group. I think the best way to have a beneficial and efficient work is doing it in group. So, I have some facts that can convince you to think the same as me. This can benefit eveyone on the group because all can share ideas ,we can work in the difirents parts at the same time, they have more time on the breaks ,and they have more time to review the work and checks if there is a problem.

I notice doing in group is more efficient and can help improve the working on the on projects or works. First, I think that share ideas with the group will benefit you and all the group. So, they all can have ideas to continue and do not minds in blanc. This will be helpful for the groups because we are more efficient than do it separate. Also, I think this benefit every one on the group to do not get struggle because we are out of ideas.

I know that working in group is a benefit because every one in the group is having more breaks than they will have doing separate . Also , this help every one in the group because we are less probable to stress because we all have more times on the breaks to be relax. although, they can work in differents are of the work at the same time. So, every one working in different parts benefit they because they are working faster and efficient. I think we can get more time to help each other on the work and this is great because we learned and help the group to have a good work.

Every one doing this in group is a benefit and helpful way. So, doing this in group is helpful because every one can check differents part of the work and look if they find a mistake. Also, I think this is help because maybe a person did not see a mistake another one can see and can help fix it. I think all the group will benefit and we will notice the difference by working alone and working in group. Last, this benefi every one on the part they work because help about finding mstake and review if they something wrong.

I think doing a team work is good because every one can improve their skills or habilities . Also, this is helpful to every one to find mistake at tell where are the mistakes are and help us fix it to have a good work. at my point of view , every get experience working with people and sharing time with person to make a good work. So, this help by having more breaks than working alone, be less stress trying to finish the work ,

be more relax ,and be more concentrate in the work . In conclusion, this are facts and examples why working is group is more helpuf , efficient and benefit. 