To be successful in life we have to learn from our mistakes first, that way we will appreciate the things that we will have in the future.

I agree with Churchill's statement because most of the time is hard to make our dreams come true, but if we really want to do something we can do it, because everything is possible in life. For example my biggest dream many years ago was to learn how to draw. I always dreamed being someone who could create art from anything. But there were many reasons that almost made me forgot about that dream. Another reason of why I think that failure could lead us to the best things in life, is because if we dont't try, we won't never know if it could be possible. Also failure is not something that we should be afraid of, I think that failure can give us experiences in life that can lead us to success, things and experiences that only life can offer us.

Failure in life, for me is just another opportunity to try again something but with the same or more enthusiasm. For example, when I started learning how to draw or paint, there were many reasons that almost made me forgot about my dream. One of the mean reasons was that I didn't have enough materials to make a simple peace of art, it was hard for me because in my country I didn't have the same opportunities that I have now. And I went from failure to failure but I always tried to forgot about negative things and I was just focused about being someone different in life. Now that I'm better at drawing and also I have the materials that I always wanted, I'll keep getting better and I can say that it wasn't easy but it worth it. I know that I still have a lot to learn, i'll keep follow my dream, and I know that one day I'll say I FINALLY DID IT.

Another reason of why I agree with Churchill's statement, is because most of the time we don't see what we have until is gone. And failure can lead us to the success, because it can give us experiences that only life can offer. For example if we do something wrong we know that we won't be able to fix the past, but the only thing that we can do is to learn from our mistakes and try to be better in the future. And that is why I think that failure can lead us to success because if we don't know how hard is to obtain something important in life, we never will appreciate what we have or what a person is doing for us. And is very hard to imagine something that we haven't experienced, is hard to try and learn from what we hear than learn from what we have being true. That is why we shouldn't be afraid to do something or to try new things in life, because nobody was born knowing things, only life can give us the knowledge to learn and teach.

We shouldn't be afraid of fall through, because life is to do new things everyday. Life is to live the way we want, having in mind that nobody is perfect and it's fine to make mistakes, but we have to learn from them. For example, many years ago I was afraid to leave my country, for many reasons I though that I wouldn't make it. But my mean motivation to come to this country, was to see my father for the firs time after 18 years. I was scared to fail, but at the same time I saw that opportunity like the greatest thing that I ever had. That's another reason of why I agree with the statement, because like all the rest of the people i'm not perfect. But I'm proud of some of the decisions that I had made in the past, and at the same time I learned from my mistakes and I'll keep learning.

The hardest things in life, are the things that will always worth it. I share Churchill's idea because you have to suffer before to triumph. Everybody can try and teach you something, but your best teacher always is going to be life. To fall through is not a defeat, is a new opportunity to do something better. And is fine to failure in order to find success, we just have to stand up and try again but with the same or more enthusiasm.                                  