Some people around The United States believe that students gain true self-esteem by getting their work praised even if its not the students best effort. Others believe that the best source of true self-esteem is achievement. Does true self-esteem come from praise or dos it come from achievement?. I personally believe that students do gain true self-esteem from achievements.

Because students that doesn't get their work praised will probably also want to get their work praised so they will feel like they need to do better in school, study more, and complete all the homework given. So if the students score a really good grade they are going to gain self-esteem, confidence, and will feel really good about themselves. because the teacher didn't have to praise their work for them to keep pushing and work hard to get a really good grade. So if the students gain true self-esteem achieving that grade they will keep pushing, working hard and giving their best effort on all their other classes.

Let's be honest students who get their work praised even if they did not give their best effort does not deserve to get their work praised. Because that is going to make the students feel like they do not need to give their best effort and that is going to cause the student to do bad in school because they are going to feel like it's ok to not try your hardest in school and not study as, and not do work as much. It is possible that praising students work that dont give their best effort is going to affect other students as well not just some of them because they are going to talk to each other and say "i didnt even try and the teacher said i did good" that is going to make other students feel like they dont need to give their best effort to do well in school.

Students that have many achievements that have built true self-esteem that work doing really good in school will feel better than the students that got their work praised. Because the students that didnt try their best are going to feel good that their work got praised even though they didnt give their best effort. But the ones that achieved it giving it their best effort are going to feel even better because they gave it their best. I also think that self-esteem comes from achievements because many of the richest people in The United States were college dropouts they felt like that they achieved something and they had self-esteem from all the hard work they put in on their achievement went with it.

Some people believe that students need to be self-confident in order to learn. I strongly disagree with that because students dont need to be confident to learn, in my personal opinion i think students learn if they want to learn and because if the students are constantly playing around and not paying attention to the teacher then they dont want to learn. Being confident is a good thing to think that you can do and learn anything but i dont think that students should be self-confident in order to learn they also need to listen and pay attention to the teacher. So overall i truly believe that true self-esteem is gained by achievements, students will keep giving their best of efforts in all of their classes and other students wont feel like they dont need to work as hard to do well in school.