Imagine if you go to school for more than eight hours? When I was in my country we were going to school at twelve and we were dismiss at five afternoon. I disagree that school should be more than eight hours because teachers can not manage their time, all staff will get tired, and some student have to take care of their family.

Teachers can not manage their time. For example, my math teacher Generic_Name he has another job he won't be able to manage his time between teaching the student and the other job. On the other hand, most teachers have kids and they send kids to baby care and they pay money. For example, my science teacher Generic_Name she was not able to stay after school because she has kids. Imagine you have make up work that needs to be done but your teacher is busy?

All staff will get tired. Imagine teachers, students, and people who in the cafeteria how they get tired if we make this decision? For example, I feel bad about the people who clean the cafeteria each day. All teachers will have hard time to explain to the student. For instance, I have my cousin he lives in Turkey. Their classes is about two hours and half. My cousin told me I have hard time to understand the teacher on the end of the class because he get tired.

Some Student have to take care about their family. For example, When I came from Iraq my mother had heart problem so I have to take care of her each day. My mother she was not able to cook and stand I was responsible to do that. However, when I was in my country I was responsible about my nephews as well.

Some say extending school hours is hopeful for student. They are wrong because some student don't like school so they will drop out. Some say student will have finish the school early. They are wrong student will be rushing and not able to get the lesson from first time.

Positives. Negatives. In conclusion, I hope that Generic_Name disagree this decision because student like to have fun more than studying. Also I hope all states of America will disagree on this decision.

Sincerely

Generic_Name         