This assay is going to be about a thing that some businesses are doing which is to make a four day work week adding two hours to the regular work days. This essay will have my opinion if we should implement this idea in my school or not. I will talk about some advantages and disadvantages about the implement of this idea to my school. I will suggest some action that a shool should take before the implementing of this idea of this idea.

Imagine that you recieve a letter from your school saying that they are planning implement and idea which is to make students come to school four days instead of five adding two hours to the normal day of school. I disagree with this idea because it will affect my school which is a high school, instead of helping it. The first thing that will be affected will be the after school program and activities. If my school add two hours to our schedule each day will consist in ten hours, so students will be more tired and less student will be interest in involving in after school programs so the school might cancel them. I would said that it will affect a high school especially because there are a lot of juniors and siniors that work after school and it can cause to most of them to quit their jobs.

Implementing this idea to our school have some advantages and disadvantages as well. One advantage of adding two hours to our schedule are that we will have more time to do our work in school because classes should be longer. Another advantage is that this idea help to conserve energy and resources of the school. A disadvantage is that after school programs might be closed because not so many people will be interested in that. The other disadvantage is that some students might have to change their jobs hour which is not easy and some of them would have to opt for quiting their jobs.

Before adding this idea to my school or any school they should ake some actions before. First the school staff should make a meeting to discuss the idea. Then they should make another meeting but this time including the parents of the students. In which they explain to them in what the idea consist. Next they should send a letter home in which the idea is well explained but this time parents have to sign the letter and say wether they agree to the implement of the idea or desagree. Finally after doing all this now the school can decide wether the idea is being implemented or no.

In conclusion I disagree with implementing this idea to my school because it will affect the school instead of helping it. I would say that this idea have a lot of desadvantages too. For example the school might cancel after school activities, some students might lose their jobs, and we will get home more tired. I think that the schedule thath my school have right now is just great because students play sports, participate in after school programs, and some others can work too. I think that my school should not implement this idea because we are fine with the schedule that we have and adding two hours will just affect us instead of being beneficial.      