Enjoyable Activities

Schools provide a variety of educational activity such as, Art. Art can be enjoyable because, there is always something to do, endless creativity, and it can also help you socialize. In Art you can build and create anything your mind thinks also it helps you express your creativity so you can figure out how to find yourself. Express your feelings by making drawings, paintings, and even sculpting will help you express your feelings in Art.

If you have trouble making friends at school don't worry, in Art you can meet people that share the same likes as you. Art helps you socialize, you can ask people for help on a specific topic and they can teach you what you never knew about. In Art you can meets people with different likes, even though they have a different way that they think of Art, Everything is still related.

In Art you can make drawings, paintings, sculpting and many more, Art is created every time you use your creativity and mind. You can express your creativity by creating Art, you can let all your emotions fill in just one drawing, painting, or others. In Art, creativity is most important and it is needed to create masterpieces, You can also express your skills of a specific topic or you can learn more and many other ways of Art.

When you think about Art you probably think of drawing or painting, right? Thats not all to Art, there is an endless amount of ideas you can do in Art. The ideas range from how creative you are, in Art you can make anything, some examples are: sculpting, ceramics, and paper mach'e models, Etc... You can learn how to make other kinds of art that you have never heard of. You can always learn new things in Art.

In conclusion, Art is an enjoyable activity because, it lets you express your inner self, the creativity that is hiding this whole time. Art includes letting your creativity flow, never ending ideas to do, and helps you socialize. I recommend this to students of any school, to see if they have an interest in Art or if they find it enjoyable. Reflecting this on myself, I personally enjoy Art a lot, I have made multiple friends this way and tried out the different types of Art, This is why I recommend this to any student to see if they have the same experience or same interest as I do.