Imagine if, you only have to go to the school four days per week. There is a debate about should school system implement the model four-day work week, by adding two hours to the school time each day in order to conserve the natural resources. Some people think it is not the correct way to give a solution to the problem since, it is not going to make a relevant change in the amount of resources that we will save. I believe that implementing this model is a great idea because we conserve resources, we have 3 days off, and we have more time to homework.

First, we conserve resources. Since, taking off one day of school; at the end of the year, we would safe a significant amount of water. Furthermore, Have you ever think about the amount of energy we use just on one day of school, taking off one day will save an innumerable amount of energy over time. The last one but not less important, everyday in each school is eaten tons of food, taking off one day of school, we would save food. Implementing this model of four-day school work we would save energy an resources, as a result, we would save money.

In addition, the students would have 3 days off. Some students have to work after school so, having one more day off the students could get some rest, as a result, better grades. The student could spend the additional day off to hang out with friends because of, a lot of students do not have the time over the weekend to share with friends due by different responsibilities they have. Giving the students one extra day off the could get less stress, due by the different things students do, they feel that do not have enough time by their on, as a result, at the end of the weekend they are so tired and spiritless to do the something.

Finally, there would be more time to the students to do homework. Adding one day off to the school schedule, could give to the students quite enough time to get ahead with the school stuff. Sometimes, students expressing that there are circumstances where they can not turn in their stuff on time, due by they do not have time. Some says that there are moments when they have accrued a bunch of different homework from different subjetcs beause of they do not have the time to do it.

In conclusion, implementing the model four-day work week, on the schools is such as a great idea because we conserve resources, we have 3 days off, and there would be more time to do homework. There is not a dark side of having one more day off. Follow this model will give us a chance to think about the changes that we have to make in order to have a conscient society of what is happening around us.