Imagination Over Mind

Imagination it's what sparks our creativity. Without imagination, knowledge means nothing because we wouldn't be able to come up with anything. How we create intricate characters and stories and how incredible buildings stand tall. This is due to imagination and how we come up with such things. Take a second and think of your favorite character from any source of media. They were created because someone imagined them and brought them to life. Imagination is all around us from our stories and music to our basic everyday items. That pen on your desk was imagined up to be able to write and pass along information.

For ages people imagined stories and people listened. People and imagined plays,movies,books,TV and video games all with different stories and design. These things may seem insignificant, but people adore these stories and have been inspired. They have been mesmerized by these worlds and characters. Imagination is what leads people to create these stories. These stories have taught us messages and life lessons also. They inspire us to be best version of our self and to follow our dreams, as we see the characters do. We grow close to characters and relate with them, making these stories more special to us. Imagination gave us inspiring role models and heroes, they also gave us a childhood. How we wait to see our favorite cartoon and smile with excitement waiting for the next adventure to unfold. Imagination gave life to unforgettable characters, how Walt Disney created Micky Mouse and countless other. These characters and stories aren't just for children but adults as well. Stories of all genres exist to bring new experiences and worlds to the audience. Imagination gave us stories to inspire,scare,to make us laugh or even cry for the character. Imagination gave life to countless of stories something knowledge could never do alone.

From the Eiffel Tower to an small little house, people imagined buildings and ways to construct them. It's true you need to understand and know how to build but imagination is more important. Imagination is what let us think of such designs. Even in ancient times people put imagination and knowledge to build a house. Whether it's building a mud house or straw hut people imagined putting all of it together and put it in action. How people designed cars for transportation and made it function properly. Engineers are creative and imaginative to come up with such intricate designs and models. Even everyday objects were imagined and made to help you in everyday life. Whether it's a juicer to a wrench, people imagined these things to serve a purpose. How biomechanics creates prosthetic arms and legs to help the disabled to move again. Theses things all started as thought to help society and now are a vital part in today society. Imagination is what led man kind to create items to help us in everyday life.

Music is an form of art where people express their emotions through song. Instruments were imagined for the sole purpose to create art. Then playing the instrument led to more creative thinking, then songs were imagined and instruments added to that. Songs are written with heart and they express the artists' emotions. They are imagined and written down, sometimes using metaphors to express their emotions. People say that they can say things through music that they couldn't say with words. Being able to imagine such meaningful songs that leave a such an impact on the listener is incredible. Music speaks to people in a way words can't and the artist that make them are imaginative people.

Imagination led these artist to produce such songs and music. Painting is an other form of imaginative art. These artist express themselves by using strokes of paint to produce vibrant works of art. Even though a painting is silent people speak through them to show such meaningful works of art. Artists imagine what they want to paint and execute and you can see such a passion in their works of art. Imagination inspires artist to create outstanding pieces of art.

Imagination also expresses itself in the way we dress and life style. For the most part we choose the way we dress,where we work and what we do. When not in uniform or work clothes we choose how we dress. We imagine ourselves a certain way and choose to expresses ourselves that way. Our hair and how we choose to style it also reflects our personality. Whether it's colored,straight,curly or even no hair at all. We also imagine what we want in our lives and choose to study for that career. Our hobbies and interest also show what kind of person you are. How you spend your free time is how you reflect yourself. Our appearance and hobbies are a self reflection of our imagination and who you are. Imagination makes you who you are, and that's what makes everyone a different person.

Imagination might not seem important but it's what allows people to create stories, construct buildings, create items,produce music,to make art and makes you. We need imagination even more than we need knowledge. Without imagination there wouldn't be a way to put our knowledge to use. Imagination is the fuel of the world, it's what keeps everything going. It may seem insignificant at first but imagination is so such more. Without imagination no advancements would be made. We need imagination to do almost everything life. Imagination is what makes us human. Imagination over mind.        