Philosopher, physician, and humanitarian Albert Schweitzer said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." I'd say example is not the only way in influencing others. Garyve, an influence r, doesn't only just give it's costumers examples, but he guides them. I also believe that teaching, proving, and believing is the main thing to influence someone.

I can relate to this and most people could, because when I was little, my parents didn't just give me an example, but they also taught me through the process. Otherwise, someone could just come up to you and say, "I did this, I did that." Now that's kind of an example, and that's not really influencing people because you also have to proof to them that you're capable of doing something. Let's say you wanna go professional in soccer, the coach, which is your influence r, can't just set an example, but he has to teach you, guide you, and proof to you that you're capable of going professional. It's just like taking a test, if you didn't study you won't pass, now thats a myth, but same with soccer you have to train, an example won't get you that far.

If I were an influence r I'd say that the main part is believing in yourself. If a person doesn't believe in them, they won't get that far in life, because you'd always have that negative mindset and vibes. It's like when playing a video game and you're losing, you have to believe in yourself and have that mindset of saying, "Yes I can do this." Best believe that you will win. An example is Michael Jordan, he was cut from his basketball team in high school, but he didn't quit, so what did Michael do? He believed in himself because he knew he could do it. Today, Michael Jordan is the best NBA player there has ever been, and that causes young people to follow his tracks. Another example is losing weight, you really can't just go into a gym without believing/trusting yourself. A gym influence r would set examples of people that have lost weight in the past, but he also teaches you and guides you through the process.

Finally, thats why I believe that example just isn't the main thing into influencing someone, but teaching whomever, guiding them, proving, and believing in them.                               