I'm agree with Wiston Churchill because without failures nobody can be successful. There are many people in the whole world that before the success come to then they fail and fail a lot of times, but they never gave up and never loss their enthusiasm. That's what people that want to be successful in their lifes are supposed to do. The success is not found in the first try or in the second one.

When people fail in something like a project, plan or any thing they want to do, they are like oh god why you make me that. But in reality failure is not too bad as people think. Once a a very old man said "from your failures and mistakes is where you going to learn more in your life" and that's true I'm agree with that,because when someone make a mistake is like I'm done, but that's not the best opcion first thing a person shuld do is to see what she make wrong and try to fix it and next time try do better on it. That's how people can start to see the success in their life, beggining with small things like a little mistake.

There was a man like five years ago he was in the middle of a storm in a city called the lost city. He was homeless whitout family, job,or food. He didn't have something to survive he had loss every thing he had, he's wife left him. He was so sad and desapointed that he tried to kill himself but he couldn't do it. One day this man started to think how can I do to become successfull? and he was thinking and thinking until a idea come to he's mind. He was looking in the street and there were a lot of plastic bottles and thought that maybe creating something amazing with that plastics bottles and selling then to the people he will go back to he's normal style of life. That will not be easy but he didn't care about that, and started to pick up all the bottles that were in the street, and the people tell him that he was crazy but he didn't pay attention to that comments that people made about him. Then he started to created toys with a old knife that he found in the trash and the plastic bottles. In one week he created three diferent animals that were a cow a horse and a duck and then he went to a toy store to try to sell the toys that he had created but the owner of the store tell him are you crazy you think that I going to buy that horrible toys no no I not going to buy that, get out here or i will call the police, and he go back to the place where he had the plastic bottles and he was sad beacuse he's plan fail. The good thing is that he never gave up and tried to make better the animals that he had created. two weeks later he went to others stores but all that stores reject him they didn't want to buy he's toys. There was only one more store to go but he didn't go that day because he thought it would be the same awnser as the other stores. the next day he finally decide to go to that store and there was a business man and asked to the man of the plastic toys how much do you want for your toys? and the man was so happy that someone ask that to him and he said five dollars each, and the businessman said I'll buy that but if you promise that you going to make more and more of this plastic toys, and the man smiled and said yes and from that day he's life changed. He started to create lot of different toys and every day more beautiful.

The business man gave him money to buy all materials he need like machines, trucks to transport the toys to other cities and finally he become a rich man. But before all this good things happen to this man he had to suffer and fail many times before he become successful. This man is a big example because he never gave up and tried he's best until he got what he wanted. he had some failures but that's something that happen before the success came to us.

The enthusiasm is the last thing that a person can loss because without the enthusiasm all thing are loss too. The enthusiasm is that energy that all people need when they are pursuiting something in their life. The failures teach us what we don't have to do in the next try, and that going to help us to get what we really want in our life.