Did you know that when older students start working with younger students, then younger students could learn more then older students and learning from their mistakes when they were young and they start increasing their brain. Therefore,I agree with the decision of the older and younger students should be together in a program because older students could get community service out of it,older students can teach them new experiences, and the program can use the help of the older students.

First,older students can get community service by helping younger students in programs because they are taking their time to help students participate in the program. It also helps the younger students to understand much better at what they are learning. Additionally,the younger students could learn something new this year and could be different from what the older students learned or the younger students could of learned a new way and could teach the older students how to do it or how it goes. Third of all the older students can help younger students make their goals and what they want in the future.

Another reason why I agree is that older students can teach them what they havent been taught. Older students can tell them what kind of mistakes they did when they were young so that the younger students can know and not do what they did when they were young. Younger students can learn from their mistakes so that one day they don't have to do the mistakes they did. Older students can also give them advice or if they have any problems in their life then they could tell the older students. Students who are young usually have depression or anger issues so they have a opportunity to talk to someone. Students who are you probably at home alone could have problems with their homework or can't make any friends and so the older kids could give them advice and help whatever they are going through.

Finally,when there is a program a lot of teachers they would need the help assisting because there could be so many kids or their hands are full. Also teachers probably don't have time to grade students papers, tests, and have meetings with students parents . Therefore,teachers don't have to be back schedule. Older students could make a life changing to teachers and younger students because the older students are the role models and need to show them whats good for them and what they need to do in he future so that they don't have to stress over in anything and could be happy in life. Younger students could have company and teachers could be happy of older students helping out.

In conclusion, older and younger students are good working with each other. When they combine with each others ideas they make a whole life changing. Students should pick who they want to work with because its their decision who they work best but 90% of kids work best with older and younger students together. Finally i agree with the decision of older and younger students should be in a program together because older students can get community service, older students can teach them different experiences, and the program can use help from the older students.     