People who value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts or ideas. Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters? I think that you should follow your instincts and ideas. Maybe sometimes you can use a little help from other people but, that is not how life works all the time. It's all about confidence really, you have to believe in yourself.

First, in life not everyone can help you at all times in your life. You cannot learn by having help all the time you have to do stuff by yourself sometimes. Yeah maybe sometimes you do need help but not all the time you just can't that's not how life works. My grandparents always tell me life will not give you anything you have to work for it in your life. Sure it will be hard but you just have to believe in your ideas or instincts. You just have to be confident in your work or ideas anything in life really but, don't be too confident.

Second, making your own decisions is a good habit it means you are in a good habit of doing things by yourself very independent. People like it when people are very independent because, it shows you been through a lot or you are pretty much brave in life. My dad would let me help him with stuff so I will learn what to do in that situation by myself one day and i'm thankful for that. Your bosses or a love one would love to see a independent person doesn't have to rely on anyone. You will be stuck after no can give you an answer to your idea or question that is why you need to be independent.

Next, it would really help you out in jobs if you are very independent and always have ideas that's what a boss is looking at to be honest. Look at how Steve jobs did it he really had to take a big risk but he made it and now he's a multi-millionaire. It's all about trust in yourself really you can't be negative all the time or you are going no where in life. Kernel Sanders look at him he was like sixty years old making chicken and he only had sixty dollars at the time and now he has a huge fast food business. Just that one idea can save your whole life or money or just about anything I just think that is crazy and no one helped him out.

However some people can say it can be really bad sometimes if you make your own decision. You can be in debt, jail,dead, or etc you can always make a bad decision everyone does in life. People that are going to college almost everyone is in debt and its ridiculous I understand you want to have a good job and everything but then you will be in like a twenty year debt or basically your whole life. If you are in car and texting and driving that's a bad decision because, you can harm others and yourself people die all the time just because of picking up your phone and texting someone that is not good. So every time you do something think about what are doing before you do it and something happens. You can always ask for help or ask them what do I need to do before I do something wrong.

Finally, I think making your own decisions is good but not always good. It helps you in jobs and in society just about everything. We look into famous people how they took big risks and they made it out and now have a lot of money or they have a big business. Not everyone's decision is good and really needs to ask for help or anything sometimes and that's okay. That is my opinion about should we make decisions by yourself or ask others and I went with go by your instincts and ideas be confident in your work, ideas, or big risks just go all out but, like I said don't be too confident in it because anything can fail and life is not fair life is hard. Life will be way more harder if everyone gave you the answer and the when you have no one else to give you an answer you are stuck and don't know what to do.