Many people like to break the law even though it is wrong to break the law. A city council is debating the adoption of 10p. m. weekday curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers. I think curfews should keep teenagers out of trouble or else they would be breaking the law.

One reason why curfews should keep teenagers out of trouble is that it is against the law. For example, there's a limit for teenagers they can't just work any hour. Also they are still under age to be working during midnight they aren't adults yet and nobody is responsible for them either. There can be serious consequences for breaking the law. Teens should not break the law and go against the law to avoid problems with the cops.

Another reason why curfews should keep teenagers out of trouble is that it is more dangerous at night. For example, no one knows what may happen at night while the teenager works. There might be drunk people on the streets and there could possibly be a shooting. While working someone might rob the store or steal the money. Even when the teen is done working and starts to leave work it is dark outside not safe for no one under age because there is a lot of evil people in this world. Teens should keep out of trouble because there is a lot of harm for teens to be working at night.

As many believe that curfews should keep teenagers to work at night because they can earn more money. Other people believe that curfews should keep teenagers out of trouble. The third reason why teens should keep out of trouble is that teens are way to young to work at night . For example, teens can easily get in trouble even though some are responsible. While working someone may see how a young teen is working at night the person may end up telling the cops and the teen and their boss will be in serious problems. Teenagers always like a little bit of fun so they can also play around and then damage or forget something. Teens are not mature enough and not over age to work at night.

Teenagers can't be breaking the law or else they'll get in trouble for working too many hours. The streets are really crazy at nights for someone under age to work all night. Teenagers shouldn't be allowed to work during night until turning 18. I think if we follow the law there will be less harm for teenagers and they won't be going against the law either.           