I totally agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson , being yourself around people of these days is complicated in the way that anything you do or you say is going to be judge by everyone , you will be the critique of your classmates,friends,family. Is basically most of the youth community feeling the pressure of being accepted by the society and they forget to be them and they start becoming someone else, just because the other person might have a lot of friends or they want to have the same popularity as them.

70 percent of the youth community either have depression or they get bully in high school. For the people who sees these type of actions and don't say anything because they are unprotected and are scared to be bully, first know that you can get help and you can be that person giving the courage to the other person feeling same as you.

There are multiple reasons why you should want to be yourself and not just a copy. First put in your mind that you are unique , by the time you grow up the reality will come to show you that you don't need to impress anyone but yourself and all your actions is for you, your mistakes will affect you the most .When you are copying someone you should analyze what you win from it and is it really worth it ?.Now , ask yourself if the friends you have are really your friends,just because they walk with you and they talk to you doesn't mean they are your friends , and worse if they tell you to change who you really are. A real friend is that person that would love you and care about your own good, a friend is the one that appreciates you will all your defects. Someone changing you is someone you surely don't want in you life. Believe it or not is better to be alone than with bad friends,inclusive your own family can talk bad about you ,they might critique everything you dress,eat,but that isn't reason to change yourself and be what they are expecting you to be. When you are going to be a grown up, how can you tell someone to be always themselves when you don't even got to known the value of it.

Being yourself is worth it, is loving who you are you won't be able to love someone else if you don't love yourself before. Having your own thoughts and always giving your honest opinions are good than just agree with something that you don't , being real is being you. Be real with your friends and if they don't like your opinions or they would make fun of you then feel happier that they finally showed their truth colors. If you cousins or any member of your family make fun of you because you unknown any argument they are talking about or they make fun of they way you dress then they aren't family. Popularity is nothing compared to be yourself, somehow in any time you will feel so stressed ,sad ,and down and that'll be because you can't fake no more. Get you own experience, have your own goals in life, create your future. Instead of worrying about being accepted just worry about what you are planing for the future. Be a right person at least, don't copy someone ignorant , be a good well , always appreciate the appraisal of what you parents thought you and don't you ever feel shameless for it. In the future the success will be good recompense .

Lastly be grateful to be unique in the world,be one in a million , always try to improve yourself and instead of going down go up , and if you think that copying someone that you think is up is being a winner you are completely wrong cause you are being a loser, know that there is a lot of mean people that could be around you and you might even call them friends when they aren't .When people is jealousy behalf themselves they can do anything to ruin you when you think they are helping. You want to be a winner then stand up and proudly be yourself.