Influence can be divided in words, actions, and motivation. Words can give a individual influence. Actions can give a example of what to do, when to do it, and/or how to do it. Motivation has a impact in people's life that can demonstrate influence to others. Some people say that giving a example is the only way to demonstrate influence. By analyzing each paragraph the reader will have a summery about how a example is not the only way to influence people.

Word can give a excellent influence. Many people tend to hear what other influences say. For example a YouTuber called Alpha M teaches young men, or older men to be more succefull. If Alpha M does not have his charismatic character to talk, then many of his public would not listen to what he says. Words can dictate influence if the person knows what is he or she saying. Not only words is a key, but is a fundamental key.

Action is a important key to demonstrate influence in peoples life. Actions tell in a non verbal way how to do certain things in life. For example, Messi, a really famous soccer player, has played soccer since he was 9 years old. His talent has influence many people to be better in sports, and to be better in life. If Leonel Messi did not had the talent to play soccer, then his influence would be less or non. Actions can tell what to do, when to do it, and/or, how to do it. By analyzing actions the reader can tell that actions is a important key, but motivation can give influence to.

Motivation can do many things for influence. It demonstrates character, responsibility, and success and thats what people most want to follow, more in this days. Generic_Name, a police officer, has demonstrated a lot of responsibility in many times. He has been rewarded many times because of his excellent work, and his motivation. His motivation has influenced many people to obey the laws, and to be better in society. If Generic_Name's motivation was not good, then many people would not obey the laws. Motivation can make millions of people to be influenced by one person. Motivation is a key, but some people say something else.

Some people say that giving a example to society is the only way to influence people. Words, actions, and motivation can give a person influence to follow them or motivate them to do something. By giving a example the person is only influencing people in one way. In particular, a teacher from Generic_school tells students to not use their cellphones during class period, even though he gives the example of not using his cellphone, many students still use their device. If the teacher had giving the students the words, actions, and motivation, then the students would be influenced by the teacher's order. Giving a example is part of influencing others.

After reading each paragraph, the reader can have a conclusion that a example is not the only way to influence others in society. A individual's influence can be based by words . What to do, when to do it, and/or how to do it can give example of actions, which gives influence. A individuals motivation can demonstrate influence to others and have a impact in people's life. Some people say that to demonstrate influence, the only thing to do is by giving a example. Words, actions, and motivation are three key factors that can give a person many influence around the world. Not only giving a example, but having this three qualities is important to have influence.          