Thomas Jefferson once wrote, "Determine never to be idle... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." The people accomplish more if they are always doing something, or the inactivity also serve a purpose. Some people may say that inactivity also serve a purpose because they don't want any accomplish from anyone; However, this people that don't want any accomplish from anyone get more accomplishments when they do their work. We accomplish more if we are always doing something because people accomplish more when they are working for it and people get more satisfaction in what they are doing.

First, we accomplish more if we are always doing something because people accomplish more when they are working for it. The people wants to get more when they are doing something important. After this people get better because they are always doing it. Also they are doing good things and they get more things done. Then the people that always is doing something they always wants more accomplishments. Additionally people accomplish more when they are working for it also the people get more satisfaction in what they are doing.

Furthermore, we accomplish more if we are doing something because people get satisfaction in what they are doing. Getting satisfaction from something that they do make them happy and they will make them keep doing it. Also they satisfaction of the accomplishment is very important because they will always want keep getting more accomplishments. Then the more work that we do that more we accomplish from the other people.

In conclusion, we accomplish more if we are doing something because people accomplish more when they are working for it and people get more satisfaction in what they are doing. In my opinion people accomplish more in what they are doing because they are doing good things and they want to get more accomplishments of their actions. Finally, people accomplish more if they are always doing something and they accomplish more if what they are doing is more important and hard.