One topic that is frequently debated today is, if the amount of work days should change to less then five days to four with the idea of conserve energy and resources. Many people think the school should reduce the day of school. Some people believe that is a good idea to conserve this value and important resources. I think this idea will not make a good change because many student will be affected with this idea they work after school, we will have less time to do wherever we want, and it is difficult to everybody to stay focus ten hours in the school.

To being,

just imagine all the students how work after school, everyone have a limit in our body's and mind's to do different activities every single day. If for the students how they don't work after school it is really difficult to stay on time with they homework, think about the student's that only get home and just change their cloths, maybe eat something at home or just wait for a break in the work. A lot of students have to pay their own food, clothes, and even a lot of them pay rent. If the school finish at six, they will have less time to make money to live, that is one of the big situations that a lot of teenagers live every day. Now think about the increment of the time in the school and all the effects that will have.

Therefore, our second reason is we will have less time to do wherever we want or wherever we need to do. If the school finish at six only in one hour or more, the night come out. If you want to play soccer on the grass you can't because is to dark, a lot of stores close early, if you want to buy something you couldn't because probably the stores are closed at that time. when we got home our parents probably are not even there, many of them have to work on night. we only will have four hour's to do at less something that we want to do or we need to do starting from six to teen with the idea of that is the time to go to sleep.

However, it is difficult to stay focus ten hours in the school. More time in the school, more time of homework or even more classes to take. We will have even less time to do any activity after school, because we will not have enough time to finish our work. With all the material that we have to finish we being to stress out and not doing good in the school.

In conclusion, the amount of day at school is not necessary to change to less them five days and steel the same time, everyone get tired and sometime everyone only need a rest to continue day by day. We can fiend better ways to conserves this values resources, reduce the time of work and school will not make a big change. what about all the companies that only want to make money and they don't even care about the resources in our planet just keep doing money and destruction. sleep well if one of the most important needs of our body. If we have less time in the afternoon to do ,what we need to do we will not go to sleep early. We can't follow the same routine every single day, after school we can: play soccer, go to shopping, go to the movies. A lot of different activities that we can do, like one famous quote say " It is more time,then life " . We could do better with more time on our hands.               