Who is became successful without failure to failure in this world? nobody is perfect in this world! so no one became successful without failure to failure. If we want to be successful, we have to be hard worker on our field, until the sweat come out from our skin! we need to have patience, we might fail one hundred times, but if we keep going to do whatever we want, we will be successful. i tried a lot of things to do, and i was failing a lot of times to get it, but after a lot of trial and error, i would always do it.

we don't have to give up! when we decide to do something, we need to be ready to fail. when i came to America, i did not know English language, so i couldn't go outside and work, i didn't go to school either. And then i decided to start learning English language, after 1 year since i started learning language, i didn't feel that i am getting better, because we couldn't understand each other with other people. But i didn't stop studying language, i started teaching myself by YouTube too. And then i was starting hearing a little bit, but i couldn't talk. Even though i tried a lot, i couldn't hear and talk properly. But i didn't give up, i kept learning, and then after a days and a years i got used to speaking and hearing. i went to school, i started work, and i started making friends. when i was in Ethiopia, i didn't like school, i didn't understand education either. Once my younger brother told me that i have to study and get a good grade, and i told him that is impossible! because i didn't even have any idea about education, he said, " there is nothing you can't do, just try it!" i said, OK and i started studying, but it was hard, i told my brother that i couldn't do that he said, "i will help u" then we started studying together. after all that i didn't get a good grade, my brother got sad. i was failing again and again. but i was understanding how to study, i mean how education system goes. i was getting used to doing homework and class work by myself, and after doing a lot of homework and training, the exams started becoming easier to me. Finally i got the second level from my class. after then i kept studying and getting a good grade, i loved school too.

failure is one part of to be successful!. if you fail by the first attempt, just keep trying again and again. don't ever give up!, so i agree with Churchill's statement "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."     