Unless we try to do something beyond what we have mastered, we will never grow. Some people do not like that. Thay oppinon is what we mastered it is eszy and more fun to us. They are right when we speak in our langudge we can be more funy ,and we can think faster ,and it is way eazy to us. but we will not grow by this way. Let me go throw this step by step. If we think about our futuer we will see that we need to be in better place. Better place require a lot of hard working. I am prefir to work smart not hard. Our education need us. Going to colledge require more work. To get a good job we need to work for it. Even if we decide to get out of the education then we need to work day and night to pay for our home and our car. Work is comming both ways ,but we can work in a better place by choseing this things: We only know it if we try it ,what is we can do, why is growing is important.

Try it is the only way to know it. By this way we can know if it is hard or eazy. We like to do eazy things ,but I am prefar hard things. Eazy things make us a littel bit better. Hard things make us a way better than usual. It is require to face problems ,and do work to beat it to start to feel good in ourselves. Everytime we did someting when we came to do it agan we need to do it better. Focus in ourselves is proving us and our nation. I get a good life ,and I am going to pass it to my son. That is How our nation can be better. Every body must get his own work we here in this life to do diffrence. Our proving will be throw our education. When I wil be a doctor that is mean I went throw a lot of hard things to rach at this point. I went to four years Hs. and night years university. That is mean we can put trust in this man because we know about his backgrownd. What about ourselves? I like to be this man. I like to be someone who get everybody trast. To creat better nation and better people get throw good education. I like education no matter what because, education make us a better people from who we are. For thos people who want to get out of education or to drop the high school. They need to try many times first befor they did that. Because When I go to work in KFC they asked me to stady the system of the stor. That is masn learning is every thing. Even if we drop high school. We still need it. Try to do things then we can say if we can do it or not.

I belive we can do a lot of things. No matter where the life gonna put us in. We need to move on. If we fail in the high school. then we need to move on to a new thing. Maybe we will start to look for a job or came up with a new idea to change the world to better ,and make it a better place. Somepeople went to this situation befor ,and they did good choices. Thay invint the facebook and so mant things. We need to be creative as much as we can. If we fail in a trust with samebody, move on. If we broke up with who we love, move on. We can not stop our live because of something happend. We are stronger then we think ,and we can do better. I belive god put each one of us in different situation to act differently ,and to help each ather. If all of us very smart ,and we becames a doctors so, that is mean no one going to work in fast food. No one going to clean the streats. Every one have his own position. We live in a city to help each other. Comunication between us to make us better. We are different to get different jobs. If I am a doctor ,and I want to fix my car I will go to micanc. The same thing to the micanic If he gat ill then he need to come to me. The man who clean the streat every morning. He is the most important man in the city. Becaus with out him, we can not find a clean way to walk in to it. We can do a lot of things ,but I belive by hard and smart work. We can do more.

growing is so important. I mean by grow is to think by better way. Try to learn from any situation you been throw it ,and toke our leason from it to progress your mind. It is very important to set with ourselves ,and start to think about what happend to us in last two weeks or try to think about our all life. To take the theam from what happent to us sins we was young untel now. That is one way to make our mind grow. We can also read books. Reading will help us to act like adult even if we are stel teen. Teenage alwaus like to play crazy things. This is our age ,but Reading can make someone have 17 years old think like a 30 years old man. Onather way to grow is to ask about what we need to do. Who we can ask? We can ask our father, mother, big brother or sistar. It is very helpful becaus they alwas will gave us the best silution. They been throw this life befor. thay know how we can live it ,and thay love us from the hard. They are our family. we need to see what are they doing ,and learn from them. If we in some cases do not have family. We can look for somone to help us. Ther are a lot of wise men in this life. Go and ask them for help. Try to copy them even to be more that then in the futur. The problem is some of us did not have the good patient to learn from someone eals. Becaus we did not know what they are thinking about ,but we need to be smart ,and chose who is going to teach us. If I am going to chose someone. I will chose a rich man or sameone who gat something no one else have it. So we need to be patient untel we see change in our ideas and in our life, and we need to choes the right one to tech us. growing is very good thing.

To do more than what we mastered. That is going to make our nation better. By working smarter not harder we can do more. Geting a good education is very helpfull to us. We need to try it first then we can do it. Motivation ourself will drive us to do more. learn from others also can make we better people ,and all of thes by to discaver what we can do ,and belive in ourselves. Because when we belive we going to pass all of this good thins to our kids in the future. By this things and many more we need to do what we can not do to be more than we are now.