Schools with programs that offer students a way to graduate early are not as great as someone might think, and can lead to students having a hard time after they graduate. This may come up as a surprise to some because one would think that if you put the extra time and effort to graduate early that they may have the skills to succeed after high school, but that's simply not the case. In fact I encourage students like myself to think before going down a three year path before they start having second thoughts. In my case four years of high school will always be the best for any student due to these reasons: picking electives, no extra classes, and more time to think about the future.

To start off picking an elective can be a fun process that involves a student choosing a class that they might find interesting. This can be great for anyone who is trying to find something that they night enjoy doing or want to learn more about, and whats better then taking a course for free at high school, nothing. However some might argue that you can teach yourself or that a student could go to college for a better education. Well I disagree maybe that student does not have the time, the resources, or money, to make it worse you'll have to pay for the class at college. So if anything having that extra year can save you from making a terrible mistake.

Second reason why it's important to have that four years of high school it's simply just less work, think about it why would someone take extra classes or spend their summer taking a class or even take a class in the evening. The idea of this is ridiculous when their can be loads of other things a student can do with all of that time. Personally I would work over the summer, study in the evenings to prepare for my other classes or finish up work, or maybe I could enjoy that time to go out with friends or enjoy doing something like a hobby. Instead of overloading on school work and having a higher chance off failing due to the excessive work from all the classes that could even lead to stress.

Last reason for ever wanting a four year high school education is time, the chance to think about your future before heading out to the real world for the rest of your life. I can not stress this enough I have seen many student's lives ruined or just stuck for the simple reason of them not being able to think about their futures. Some student's that dont think about this when taking a three year route dont have an idea or clue about what they want to do in their lives, if they're financially stable, or if they have the opportunities to make it in the real world. There are jobs out there that require you to be at least eighteen years of age, and some of these students are just turning sixteen. Colleges require a large some of money, and families can't cover it all so students are forced to go into debt or drop out. Last one is just what if you don't know what you want to do, some students who graduate early just end up not doing anything for a whole year or two in most cases they give up on a better future for a job. That is why time is so important when thinking about your future.

Finishing up my response here all I can say is that if you have the option to graduate early don't just jump the gun. Instead think clearly if this is really what you want, and that you have a clear path after high school. The four years you get are very important, and should be taken advantage of with free courses in subjects you may like, less amount of work from extra classes, and that extra year of time to think about what to do after high school, That is why I support four years instead of three.