Weekday Curfew And Midnight Curfew For Teenagers

Curfews keeps teenagers out of trouble because, it can keep us out of any major accidents. If the teenagers doesn't want to obey the law, then they can get in a serious trouble. We all the teenagers got to obey the curfew law that we can't be driving after 10p. m. on a weekday. Teenagers also can't be driving a midnight weekday curfew because, if your speed driving or doing anything that can cause you trouble, the police will stop you at night, you can't see the police because sometimes they're hiding and having their speed tracker and if the police ask you if you got your lisence or your permit and your driving without an adult if you have a permit ,you can get a major consequence for driving at a midnight curfew. We got to be careful and obey the curfew law to stay out of trouble. Teenagers should track or keep a time on their phones that they got to be home early no later than 10p. m.

I remember when I was 10 years old, my cousin who was just 17 years old, he had a curfew to not be home no later than 10p. m. He went out with his friends at night, my aunt was worried because it was getting late and he still hadn't gotten home. It was 2a. m. when the police called my aunt that my cousin was racing with another car and got into a major accident. His nose was broken, he had to get stitches on his hand and face because the window shatterd oh his hand and face. He was in a serious consequence where they had to take away his permit. He learned his lesson to not drive or hang out with his friends at midnight because it can be dangerous.

In my perspective I think parents should track their children location to see where their at and call them or imessage them that It's time to be heading home. Parents always wants the best for their kids. We as teenagers we don't like to listen to our parnets because, sometimes they can be a little overprotected but, that's because they don't want anything dangerous happen to us. Parents are always right to be mad at their kids, because we as teens we dont like to listen to our parents, we just like to hang out with our friends but don't look at the cause that can be dangerous. This is why we got to obey the curfew law, to stay away from troubleness and any type of accidents.