A famous British writer once said "your character will be what you yourself choose it." His name was John Lubbock. What he wanted to state is that we choose what we want to be from here on out and, that know one chooses for us. Another question that was asked was, "is our character formed by influences beyond our control." No we control all of our actions so what John wanted to say is that our character and character traits are based on the choices we make and still making.

We are always in control and know what we are doing on a daily bases. We always know what well happen based on the actions we take, it's common sense. It's like when you argue to a teacher we know it's bad and we know what comes after that and that is going to the principals office. Nothing is never out of our control is weather we want to stop it or just let it happen. Most of the time our actions are based on bad things like smoking for an example we know it's bad but it's in influences or the people that make us do it. So that's why we need to stop listening to that bad side and listen to our good side.

The character we are right now as a person is based on the life choices we made. If it wasn't for the good or even the bad choices we made in life we wouldn't be the person we today. Everything is bases on what we do and what we don't do. For example is we study hard enough and work hard as well we can get to the college or job of our dreams. But to do that we have to make good life choices and good decisions. Like i said before the person we are today is based on ALL the choices we made starting from when we were little to how we are right now.

We are far from perfect but we try to make the best decisions or perfect is you say. As we humans we know we are not perfect and shall never be perfect but that doesn't mean we dont try to make perfect decisions. For starters we know our rights from our wrongs. So we know our good decisions from our bad decisions and you would think that it's easy to choose the right one but in reality it's not. The more bad it is the more we want to do it. It's just human nature one well say BUT we most of the time we don't choose that side want to know why. It's because we are always in power and it's never out of our control. Some yes but most others NO.

In conclusion we know that nothings never out of our power. We know that person we are today is based on the life choices we made. That we know our rights from our wrongs, our positive and negative. And what John Lubbock wants to tell us. That our character and character traits is based on the type of person we are that is what we wanted to tell us. And its never to late to under stand that either.       