What does it feel to achieve a high score on an English test after you study all week for? Pretty good right? You feel like all that sacrifice and long hours of study were worth it. All the confidence you build up was because of your own work. True self-esteem comes from achievement. Students and famous artist show us that without hard work, there is no true love for ones self.

First, school is the environment where students learn. In this building students especially show that in order to feel good and confident you work for it. For example; when playing a sport such as soccer, the athlete need to believe in itself to be an outstanding player and for his teammates to trust him when making a play. If the player does not believe in himself, his teammates will not chose him to guide them as the captain or simply as giving passes with the ball.

Continuing, a famous artists in the music industry named Lady Gaga show that when you believe in your passion and you give all of you in an scenery, the feeling of comfort and satisfaction is more than words. Gaga could not be where she is right now if people would have been sorry for her and just give her a contract without talent. In order to success you have to yourself and that's what she did, she develop her talent and now she is the most successful female artist in the music industry with ten gramys and many other recognition.

Contrary, some teachers agree that in order to build self-esteem students need to be commemorated for effort even if the work is not excellent but, why should students get recognition for not making their best effort? This would be unfair for all of the students that work hard for that test score. Feeling sorry for a student is not going to make them successful in life.

To conclude, all the hard work you put in a sport or your passion is going to help you succeed in life. Students are capable of so much and if a teacher praises an alumnus for work that its not worth a good grade, students will feel like they have not done something right and instead of building their self-esteem you would be creating an under qualify teacher or president. Is that what you want for their future? 