I often for career some student like their career go to college and other people go to university. Some people don't like to go college or university but they have an high school diplomat but after high school they don't want to go both of two place because it was to expensive for them .Some might say they have a career for their life because they want to be something like their Hobbs but they should go college or university for they want to be best fit job, they give you good idea, and they give you money go to college.

Although some people like to go their career because they want to be best fit in their career. high school year is every important year because. Also, most done your school but you gt to go next step for your young adult step you need to go college or university but can go any career for your life like ECPI University or VCU College those are the best two career I heard but you can go any college you like your career is your option know one is pressure you not even your parent they do their favorite you do your favorite it nothing problem for it.

Even though some people need a good ideal for their career some student, teacher administrator give you a good idea for your career. while school staff is make a good idea for your career then they will ask you what kind of career you like but you will decide what kind of College or University you will go but they best college or University is your state because they make cheap price you will give to college However, if you go out side of state you will give more than what you think if you give more money that was not good for you.

While you have a trouble for money you don't need to worry about because someone in your family will help you like send you money as much you need for your career but after when you finish your College or University you will get a job then pay them back what you will borrow it with them but that is the deal how you go College or University but the only then you need to focus what you doing in the future but don't worry about the past or your family do what you need to do in the present.

some people don't like to going college or University because it was to expensive for them tat why they don't want to go college but college is the most important place in your life if you don't go college it your problem if you go it is good for you.

Some might say they have a career for their life because they want to be something like their Hobbs but they should go college or university for they want to be best fit job, they give you good idea, and they give you money go to college. but college is the most important for you and your parent want you to go college but if your family don't have a lot of money then you don't need to go their are a lot of job out their you don't need of college degree but you only need a high school diploma but if you don't high school you are done your life then you can start new life.        