An activty I really enjoy to do is track. I really like doing track when it gets to the warmer seasons because it feels better and it isnt so cold outside which makes it pretty difficult to run in. track makes me more focus and makes me more relax because it makes me forget about everthing else besides running. I usally have track practies on sudays, tuesdays and thursdays at fairfax highschool and be there at around 12 on suday and end at around 3 and on any other days I have it it starts at around 6 and ends at about 9. my friends usally pick me up to go and to get back home. during track there is only one season which costs about 75 dollars. track is also a really good way to meet to friends because there are alot of people that do track and its acually really easy to meet to people because everyone there is really nice. Even though track is fun for my friends and I it is pretty hard because there is alot of hard drills and awrm ups we have to do and those gets so hard espically in the hotsun. warm ups takes over 30 mins and then the rest are kids choosing what type of track and field station they wanna be at like long distance runners or sprinters. you get match up with groups by your age so 13-14 and 15-16. The practies are always the worst parts because everyone gets so tired and coulld barley breathe. The more enjoyable part about track are the track meets were people have races and have real computsions and other things. track also is a really good way to be really active thats why my friends and i like doing it and its been both are second years doing it. coaches at track are really tuff on you but also really nice depending how well your doing. You also dont really need alot of things to bring while doing track you just need a water bottle and running shoes but alot of the more advance runners wear spike shoes and compressions under there shorts which makes it more comfertable to run in and some way make you faster. Track seasons starts at the begining of march and ends at the end of june so its a full commitment especally waking up at 11 on a sunday. Doing track would get you ready for any other sports you are wanting to play that involes running alot such as football, basketball , and baseball. track practies on the real track fields are the only good days of the track practies sometimes we practie on grass and no one goes to that one because its way to hard to run in like ive seen so many little kids there thst hse tripped in a little hole or lump in the grass. another reason why its bad to train in grass in becuase we get alot of ankle pains or dislocated ankles so we all have to pop those back in blace which hurts so bad. and training on a real track field is just more exciting because you feel more professional and your on a flat surface. Over all these are all the reasons why my friends and I enjoy track so much its just so easy because you dont need alot of gear and it will help you out on whatever sport you might be planning on doing next.