THE SUMMER PROJECT

While student take a break from school there are teacher want student to continue to lean even their break from school. Some school require student to do summer projects to assure they continue learning even during break. Should these project be teacher or student designed? The Summer Project should be student designed during break.

Why should this summer project should be student designed not teacher designed? If student have a choice of who came up an idea to write about they would most likely choose them self. This summer project due til student go back to school telling that student have lot of time to come up with an idea to write about. Student can come with an idea quickly because they can what they do and write about that they also can write what they do during the break. Since this is student designed student can start this project anytime they want

If the student start their summer project student can be creative with their work by putting effort into it. student can choose if they want to do it colorful and creative or plain student have a choice if they want their work all bright and pretty or simple and plain. If the student choose colorful and creative there work might include with picture, color, detail, and what they might do during break showing that whoever made this work put a lot of thought and effort into it. If the student want to be simple with their work they might include white background, all word telling what they do during break, and a lot of mess of pencil mark. whatever they choose to be creative or not they will end up using their head to come up with these idea and student can make their project exciting or boring it up to them.

If student do this summer project and let the student to do their designed it will show that student put a lot of work into their project. The most difficult part of this project is come up with good idea to do. Coming up idea can be hard and stressful it show that student put a lot of thought into their work. While student work on their design something they think what would be great to put into their design like color if so what kind would be best, picture if so what kind,and patter. After they finish student need to check if they like it or not and they have to check if they any mistake. When you look at the work it show student put a lot of thought in their project.

In Conclusion Some school require student to do summer projects to assure they continue learning even during break, should these project be teacher or student designed. During break the Summer Project should be student designed. student can start this project anytime they like, they can make their design exciting or boring, and show that student put a lot of effort into their work. If student have a choice of teacher give idea to write about or student come up with one what would you choose?