Did you know that business that partnerships the schools helps the students to know what they want to do in life. When students go to business trip with the school

They are discovering where they want to work in the future. This allow students explore where they want to work. If they wanted to work at a place that they dream of working then they are going to explore the things where they wanted to work at. I would like to explore more real estate because

I want to flip flop houses so I want to learn more about this and I want the manager of the business pick us so we can learn how those a work.

One reason, That you should pick us is how do you know if the house is good to flip and know if you going to make more money. People think that you should look in area that are growing and get house that are bad and flip the house so you can sell it for more and get more money then you payed the house and the things that made the house better.

Second reason, the manager should pick our class so we can learn How does the business work like how many house do you need to buy so that the work proceed and process. I heard that people buy three house each 6 mouth so they can work on it because some houses take one month and other houses take 4 month. Then you got to wait for the houses to sell that can take weeks or even months to sell the house to get the money.

third reason, That the manager should pick us that we want to know that if the wait of getting the money is worth it by waiting to the house to can be ready and wait so the house can get sold. People I heard that money that you wait six mouth is worth it because the money that the person get back is like more twenty thousand more on the house that you can buy a better house in a better place or keep some money. The money that you get can make a lot.

That why the manager of the real state business should pick us to visit and learn about the work because students want to learn more about this job and have question more so in the future that students will know about more then the job and maybe in there life working in this area so they can make money to. In conclusion schools should have more partnership companies that students can visit and learn about the work and that can help the students pick there job . and that can help students know what they want to do in life and proceed there dream of working and knowing what to do.              