To start off, schools are for kid that want to learn. People like me get bored easily, I like to do fun activities that states on what are we learning. Also,many people get so tired at school and really want to go home. When they hear that school hours are going to extend, they'll freak out, I would too to be honest. Now, there is a question that I ask to my self,

Do I want school hours to extend?

I would actually disagree, because first of all, I do my best to make my parent proud. It is tough, but do it for my parents because I love them, what I do for them is enough that I get tire, speaking of that, another reason that I disagree is that I get tire easily. I am not lying, but any way, it is so tough to stay awake for 7 hours and use all of you brain energy. I am not going to stand having another hour to stay in school. But, I know some people think that it's ok to have more school hour, because it can help them to learn more of the subjects. But they can go a sleep at any moment, that why we need the rest of the hours to rest.

The other reason why I don't like the idea of having more school hours, is because we need time to do our homework. It's necesary to have the rest of the hours to do homework, because what if someone has so much homework, and they need the whole day to do it. It is wrong to put more school hours to make that person suffer. We need to have the rest of the hours to have students do their homework to do for the whole day. Besides, it is always good to have a good night sleep. Many student come in late because of after school stuff. Without the extra school hour, students come in their house not that late.

Finally, the last reason why I disagree to have more school hours, is because there is no reason to have more hours. Why have more hours, if we have enough hours for the teachers to teach. If we add more hours, we are just wasting time, not only for the students, but also for the teachers. It's a waste of time having another hour for nothing and teacher are just running out of ideas to get us ready for the SOL. I know that is a faster way to finish all the units quick, but theres alway time for everything, we don't need to rush with all the units. It just that we as young childern, we need to rest to have the most energy. I get it that the adults also wake up so early, but also they can just not have more hours to waste more of their time. Some teachers also need to care about their childern. Teachers also need more family time with their loved ones. If we don't need to extend the school hour, then the teacher don't need to extend their school hours. That is my opinion why I don't want to extend school hours.