Former British Prime Minister Winston once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." I agree with this statement because trying to be successful will always come with failures and sometimes you learn from those failures. Failing is not always bad, in matter of fact, failing can help people learn on what they did wrong. Giving up will get people nowhere in life and if people give up they will miss an opportunite on becoming successful.

My first reason is that people don't know that if they choose to take the easy way out on something they failed at and don't try to fix it to be successful, people will start to give up more often the next time they fail. Giving up can also change the characteristics of a person from being a smart person to a doughtful person. Although some people say that giving up is always the best choice when a person is having a hard time on being successful but giving up can also have a bad impact on the person life.

My second reason is that learning from failures to become successful can help improve the person abilities to understand on what he did wrong. Not only does learning from mistakes can help the person improve but can also open many doors in life. Trying to be successful and failing is almost like riding a bike. A kid gets a new bike, he rides it for the first time, he falls on the ground and scraps his knee, he crys and gets angry and then stops and trys to ride the bike again but falls again and then repeats the same steps over and over again until he successful rides the bike without falling.

My third and final reason is that people who never give up on a task that they fail at and become successful the next time they do it again have a better chance to overcome other problems in life. Being successful can give a person a good feeling but can also encourage a person to do more. The more a person resloves a problem the better he or she gets. Being successful can have many benefits in like a better job or a better personality or a better new life. Giving up won't give people happines, it will just give people sadness.

In my conclussion, I agree that giving up is never an option. People need to understand that in order to be successful people need to go throught failures and learn from those failures in order to be successful. Giving up won't help people be successful, it will just help people increase their problems even more. No matter how many times people fail, people who don't give up will always find better ways to fix their failures and learn from their failures in order to improve their problem sovling skills. 