John Lubbock is a British naturalist and politician that wrote a quote saying "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make". When saying this you have some opinions about it because your past can also make up your character and who you might become later on in the future. Why should we let your character take control of us, we have most of the control by the actions we take in our life. For example your parents were very abusive, and somehow your going to be that way to no its going to make you stronger and built your character up more then it was before. We have a choice to make up our character like some people will say "oh shes mean'', or "why wont she share'' and its not her character maybe its her personality. You yourself built up your character and no one has to like it it but only you because at the end of the day all you have is yourself nobody else which is better then having someone judge you. No one can judge a book by its cover until they get to know who you really are and where you came from,your character can built you up and leave a legacy behind and you wont even know it because people will be proud of how you built your character up and ask "how is she so strong ?", "how did she grow up to be independent?". Once you tell them how strong you are and how your doing and the steps you took theyll be proud of you, because only you have control of how you can find your character traits.

No one can really know for sure what makes up their chachater just by saying "oh yea I've done it before" Lets say someone in your family died because of their sickness and you spend all those days being depressed and in denial that they are gone but guess what ? You are going to built yourself up and make them proud of whop they raised and who stood by their side and everyday your going to try and make every second count just to make them see how great your handling everything even if sometimes you might get sad here and there but,your still pushing through which is making your character stronger then your seeing it yourself. There are so many times in everyone life were they doubt themselves and want to give up because they think they arent capable of doing something but when youve realized from what you've accomplish the world doesnt seem so scary anymore, your brain will trick and say to you that you cant do it thats impossible and all these negative saying but, why should you focus on that so much thats not getting you through life its just bringing you down and you know that your character isnt meant for that its to push you and get you through all these brick walls that life throws at you only you can knock them down. So dont stop yourself from making a choice you know is right go with your gut and let your heart show you the ways dont let nothing in life stop you from what people think is impossible make it possible stand yourself out, make your character stand out because you are different no matter what.

Your life isnt a pick and choose its what you think is best and fits for you so the saying goes "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make", its your life have fun with it and make everything you do in life built up your character. 