The one place I would like to visit in the world would be Puerto Rico. I would like to visit Puerto Rico because of the of the beautiful weather. I would like to visit Puerto Rico because of the beautiful beach's and rivers. One other reason would be because of my family.

First, the weather most of the time is hot even in the winter is hot. In the summer sometimes is ,so hot that it can reach the temperature of 100 degrees. Most of the people living in Puerto Rico are use to the hot temperature.

Next, you would see people in the beach's or at the river some people have pool but some people can't buy pools because some don't have money and some people do have money so when the weather is hot you will see most of the people at the beach's or rivers. I personally like going to the river's because the water is colder and is really refreshing when it's really hot.

Next, another reason why I pick Puerto Rico was because of there delicious foods there a lot of tropical dishes there is something call the three meat sandwich witch is made of really tender pork meat,chicken,beef then they put potato sticks and then they add the mayo and ketchup. In the holidays like Christmas puertorican people cook a hole pig and then when the pig is done cooking they cut the pig and shred it into pieces and then they eat it with rice mix with beans.

Finally, most of my family is from Puerto Rico so most of my family know's the best places to go and the type of food that we would like. Most of are family makes a party when we come from the U.S because we only go and visit in the summer because of school we can't visit when ever we want to. When ever I visit Puerto Rico I have to see my two little brothers and my friend that I have not seen sense last summer most of the time I go to my consents house because we always play baseball or basketball ,but when it's to hot we stay home watching T.V or playing PlayStation we play with my friend that lives in Virginia. When is time to go back to the U.S are family get's sad and starst crying but we tell them that we will be back.