A lesson that I would share with the students is history. History talks about what happened back then in America. It also talks about major events that changed American history. For example, one major event that happened in America is The Great Depression. Students should know what happened back then when they were not born, like what things, or actions that made America become to what it is today.

One major event that happened in the United States was The Great Depression. This happened when many Banks when to Bankruptcy, and people couldn't get any money. Crowds were get crazy, many people lost homes, Stock Market ratings went down, and many people didn't have a job. After a few banks went down, more banks in the U.S. shut down. It was a very hard time for people who couldn't get get by, since many didn't have money to pay rent, buy food, and pay their insurance.

Before we were born in America, many people didn't know about these major events that changed all of American history, like when many people were mining coal, for an industry, or making steel. There were three industries that were competing to make money. They sent other people to do dangerous jobs for their industries to grow. Many people bough these elements, so they can improve on growing, and making their factories. Most of these elements were expensive, which was how these industries kept growing.

History is a good thing to talk about. It talks about the changes that happened back then, some Wars that America had to face, about Stock Markings, and Bankruptcies. For example, during WWII, America had to face some of the worst things that happened. Many other team such as Germany, Japan, chose to fight America, and that's what cause D-Day, because of those wars. The worst part of WWII was when America had to nuke Japan. America also pushed forward to get the leader of the enemy team, but the Leader committed suicide, because he heard reports of his troops saying that America reached their perimeter.

It's important that Students learn History because they get to know more about what happened back then, before they were born. They may have some questions that might have happened back, which can be answered if they learned about history. This may also interests them to talk about what happened back then, in America with other people, such as families, friends, or neighbors. Students may also get confused if they think about History in a different way, and may not know the truth about American History, so it can also change the way the student believed in, since they are learning the true facts about History. History can be something good to learn about, about what kind of people were in these major events, and about their life.

In concusion, I would teach the Students about History, so they can learn what major events happened back then in America, before they were born, and understand about American History. 