Studies have shown that there is a 25% higher passing rate from students that attend to online classes. If it wasn't for the advance tecnology the world has today there wouldn't be things like online schools. Now and days everyone has tecnology ether in their pockets due to there cell phones or at home with their laptop's , computer's , gaming system's and their smart tv's.

Now with this new technology the school systems' have taken advantage by making online classes, Therefore students are able to attend classes form the comfort of there own home. Some schools are given the students the option to choose between online classes or going to normal school classes.

Some would say that online classes would not benefit students i'd say they are wrong. These are some reasons i think that online classes are better and benefit's way more than normal school classes, because there are no distractions in online classes. In online classes students dont have to deal with things like waking up early, people , and much more. I had a cousin that took online classes and what i saw she was able to start when she was free she'd finish in two hours or less, Then the program would let her know when she'd finish the leason of the day. She was a teen mom and when she found out how easy taken online classes were she got support from the family as she finished with the help of online classes and her family she got her life together.

The people that say that online classes aren't beneficail might not have gone through what 80% of people have gone through. Here' an example in regular school classes there are distractions everywhere like friends, other class mates, teachers, aslo the fear of getting bullied. When someone has friends in class they much rather talk to them then to pay attenion in class. When in class you might no peolpe and it may get into your head which would give you another distracion. Now with a student that is in online classes won't have to worry about those issuses.

Even the simple things could affect your ability to be able to learn like what you eat. If you dont eat anything during the day you get hungry and that becomes a distracion. In most schools they serve horrible food with that students feel sick after eating. now a benefit with having classes online people can make food at home. After an heathly and amazing lunch they are ready to learn and too pay attention.

Not only is things like food vary inportant but time is another one. Due to bad habbits people go to sleep late and then they have two hours of sleep and going to school. Once class starts they fall asleep and dont learn anything. Since schools start early makes it wrose for the ones who go to sleep late at night. The lack of sleep affects the student mentally and physically, With a student that is in the online class can start when ever there free.

Last but not least what most of the students fear the most is bullying. In normal schools studies have shown that 80% of students have been bullied. That would mean if there were a table of ten students

8 out of those 10 students where bullied. Many people fear of getting bullied since what it was done to many students through out the years. What it dose is it makes school not feel safe for them and then they want to stop going. Now with online classes students shall not fear in getting bullied since they would take there classes in there house.

In conclusion i believe that online classes are the best and have the most benefits due to all the examples i've given. From lunch, time, distrctions and bullies those are the reasons students have a hard time to focuse in regular school classes. A huge thanks to the new tecnology for being able to help us learn without the struggle and fear. What i saw my cousin go though i can say online is the best piont blank. I've given all tmy examples and details also personal storys on the benefits of online school that is all i have to offer fairwell.