Thesis

: I believe that my school should not fallow this model because a lot of people get tired of school. Teachers get more tired than students because they work all year to make our classes and teachers need a break from school more than us, the students.

It is okay to go to the school the five days of the week. It doesn't matter how hard school is, if you go the five days of the week you get less tired because classes are more shortest and you don't have to be is school the whole day. Also you have more time outside of school to go to work or go with your friends to have fun and forget of school for a bit.

First, if schools do extend classes is gonna be more stressful and tired because you are going to be in school for a longest time and a lot of people don't even like school. Some people really hate school because is really hard for everyone and there are some classes that you don't even have an idea of what you are doing. Teachers know when someone is tired and they let them sleep for a while because maybe they know how is it feel being tired. Schools need to have the same schedule and don't change anything.

Second, schools are not like work in a job because in a job, you have more responsibilities and they also have rights that you need to comply. Being in a job is the double stressful and tired than being in your school learning a lot of new things. Some people say that work is better than go to school, but I say that they all are wrong because sometimes in school you do nothing, you just are listening to what the teacher says and in a job if you have a little break, you use it to eat or make another job that you need to do later.

They should not extend the school day but the should do it with jobs.

Third, if schools extend classes you won't have time to sleep well. That's the most important thing for students, sleep well to come to the school with a good attitude. A lot of people talk about other's attitude because they are always angry, bored, or lazy but they have no idea if they sleep well or not. Some people make fun of them because they fall to sleep in classroom and that's not right, the right thing is ask that person how is he feel, or if he is okay. The less you sleep, the most tired you get and sometimes you don't even can concentrate in classroom. Most of the students that don't sleep well and they have a job after school, they have a hard time in school because most of the times being in school is stressful as a job.

Conclusion

: Is not necessary to extend school day two more hours because it's gonna be the same any ways. Two more hours in four days don't change anything because is like you are adding Friday in that four days. The same eight hours in Friday, you are going to add to the four days of classes. They don't need to change anything because teachers won't have enough time to get ready our classes for the next day and they won't have time to even cook food at home or clean their house. Sometimes students above 18 years old live single and they need to work every single day because they need a lot of money to pay their bills like: house, car, phone, internet, food, and clothes. Some of them are about to have a baby and having a baby is a huge responsibility for him because he need to work over time to win more money or have two job. He is gonna be really really stressful and tired, and he won't have time to come to the school the whole day.