As we know the modernization through the years is bringing us new advances in technology. One of the most important and positive effects of use of technology is make life more easy for everyone. I mean, the use of social media is given us a lot of way to communications no matter where we are; the facilities of communication and information on time are essential to accomplish many task. The complexity to communicate and create different way to interact had making a great way to a efficient communication.

First of all, the use of technology is currently having big impacts in our lives. It is changing through the years the way how the humanity is living. There out are a lot of brilliant brain creating new advances in technology everyday. The expansion of the new advances day by day is given us a renovation of our life style. The interactions between everyone through communication using different devices such a computer, phone, iPad, etc.. The principles of those project of advances created and expended by people expert in technology; the've been implement the necessity of technology in every single places. It can also influenced our mental and physical health; depression and anxiety are common nowadays so there are website to providing helps online. The variety how we can combine knowledge in technology are infinities. That is one of the main reasons.

Secondly, we are breaking all the limitations that we had before. If you are trying to communicate and if you were in large distance was limited because we did not have those resources such a Mobile devices. So now, we are currently, sending messages or texts, even we can do video calls on live simultaneous. This factor was not possible without the technology. Everyone is connected around the world. Those limitations are breaking because all the different social media:

Facebook: One of the most famous and popular website to post, share videos, photos, websites, links.

Twitter: This app is used mostly to post personal thought or opinions.

Instagram: To post and now with new implement of sources for marketing.

Gmail: It is one of the most popular account to mail. It is like Email but it is more modern.

Email: is mostly used to messages.

Blogs: is used to shared a personal version. It can be about life style, hobbies. Anything you want.

YouTube: This is a platform with the purpose of given us videos some of them can promoting companies.

In addiction, one of the important advantage is the facilities to do everything we want, when we want, where we want. The use of technology in school, colleges even work implement the easy way to accomplish everything. Now days, school bring to their students computers with the the purpose of advances in every single student to do their homework/assignments in home with all the necessary facilities. They want to give students information through books that you can easily get online. In the pass, it was impossible because you had to go to the library and get the permission to read a few books. So, now with the technology we can also use the technology with the purpose to sell or buy things online. Amazon is a good example of success marketing in the world. People buy things on Amazon because they do not have enough time to go to the store and buy their stuff. The platform of amazon is giving us enough details about those items that we want to buy. The majority of shop stores or companies have websites. This is creating a red of new jobs. Some people can work even in home using any device because technology is making that possible. Sometimes, the use of technology can be optional but something is a necessity. We have to adapt to the new modernization. That is because technology.

Although even, there are some statements about some negative effects of technology such a limitation of communication, I can prove with real facts how the technology facility the interactions of contact to other people for example: group chat, messages, Facetime, live videos. Students can be connected with their classmate or vice verse even with their teachers. They just have to be connected. Social media is creating a direct and indirect connection to others, I mean the students can have conversations about projects or assignments through their phones or any device. The use of technology can be fun. We can use technology in video games and some of them have communication though microphone and we can really interact with our partner. We also can extend the communication and interact not just once or two as many as we want. Technology is given is entertainment. Sometimes we just want to be in our conform zone and that is okay. So it's up to us if we want to work, play with somebody else or by ourselves.

It's true that we can decide if we want to work, have fun by ourselves but the technology bring us the opportunity to interact with others.

Finally, the use of technology is part of our lives already. We can deny the use of it in our daily activities. A simple example: If we are going to get a job, mostly of the applications are online. Every job is associate with technology. The use of them created good benefit in everyone. The effects of technology depends with the purpose we are using it. If our purpose is to using the technology to good benefit, the used of them will be successful either the purpose is about good or bad things.

"Every action, have a reaction" Isaac Newton.

The results of our good action will always have a positive effect.

I can concluded, all those positive effects are making our work more easier. The use of technology in our society is impulsing us to be betters every day. All the results of hard works by every of us. The innovation of those advances are creating new mechanisms in our routine, new life style and all that is because we are smart enough to created technology, everything started from us. The majority of people is using technology with good purposes. The world is doing better because technology.