If you do something new you can grow up

Some people are agree and some people disagree with unless you try to do something beyon what you have already mastered. you will never grow, however if you try to do somenthing new you can grow up because you can do great things in your life. If you try to do something new, you can grow up because. You can have more opportunities, you can be a professional person, and you can get a good job.

First, if you try to do something new , you can have more opportunities. For example, if you are a student and you put all of your effort to graduate from school and also from college then you can prepare to be a good doctor, teacher,police or lawyer. For example,

If you want to get a good job you need to prepare, and study to get more opportunities. If you try to do something new you can grow up.

In addition, if you try to do something new, you can be a professional person. For example Generic_Name is a student she want to be a lawyer but, she don't want to go the school because she think that make new things is boring but, if she don't do somenting new she never grow up because she need to prepare and study to be a professional person. For example, if she go to school and then she graduate from college she can prepare to be a lawyer. If you try to do something new you can be professional.

Finally, if you try to do somenthing new, you can get a good job. For example, Generic_Name work in RESTAURANT_NAME but, he is a student he all most

graduate from college, he want to be a police but, he think that he cant not pass the last test to graduate and he don't wanna do it. For example, if he don't try to do the test he cant graduate but, if he try to do the best he can pass the test he can be a police officer. If you try to do something new you can get a good job.

In conclution, some people are agree some people disagree with, unless you

try to do something beyon

what you have already mastered, yo will never grow. If you try somenthing new you can grow up.