Many people like Philosopher's are stating Information which comes from there head and believe Its right; For people to look at and assume It Is right and agree because of what position that person has such as a Philosopher,Physician, and a Humanitarian. This Philosopher,Albert Schweitzer illustrates that an "Example Is not the main thing In influencing others;It Is the only thing." Although setting an example by your own behavior Is a good way to Influence other's; Their's still better and different way's to Influence people. Not all people have bad behaviors because of somebody close to them; A son could be a good and humble and the people around him could only have negativity.

There are different ways such as sitting down with someone and giving advice about good behavior and what their currently doing wrong In the present. Schools even teach about It and have group of students learn about whats good and bad. In health class they are teaching about having a healthy life to be prepared in life and for whats coming In the future. Although there are example's out there like famous people that motivate others to go the same path they went,Also a good example but those are not the only way's; There are teachings or parents giving advice to have a better behavior,psychologists who people can tell whats going on in their life and they get a response of what they can do.

Somebody,Anybody can demonstrate they were a good example to somebody but at the end not everybody turns out to be like them. A son can be good and humble while the people close to him or that he admires have a lot of negativity. Anybody could sit down with somebody and talk about about what there doing wrong and they could be doing the same thing;That dose not make them a good example but at least they give advice,ideas, and reveals to that person a new pathway they can take to do better. Teachers who teach about It can fill them with information they didnt know about having a healthy life; That teacher could be doing everything wrong and be negative which makes her a bad example to everybody but the students get the good advice to be better.

There are people who leave good examples for others to follow but is It also the only thing. Because there are other ways to influence other people such as giving advice and teaching, while that person who gives It Is a bad example but the person who receives It follows the good advice not there bad example.