Have you ever felt board or sad and have nothing to do have you thought of going outside to a park? If so these are some of my reason why I think it's a good to go play outdoors. You can spend time with family and friends and have a fun time with them, you get a break for all the hard work you do and a time for you to relax, and Also not getting board and enjoying life you can go outside instead of being at home playing on your phone, tablet, and your computer.

My first reason is you get to spend time with family and friends. There have been many times when I feel sad and my friends tell me if you want to go play some basketball at the park and i start feeling a lot better. When we get there we start just shooting around and having some fun usually we play two vs two but some time more of my friends come and we have full game five vs five. When we leave i usually just forget why I was so sad and i leave with a smile on my face. So next time I'll tell my friends if they would like to go and I know they will say yes because they love spending time with their friends. When my family come over and me and my cousin are in my bedroom just playing NBA or watching a move we get board of it really fast. We always ask our parents if we can go outside when we do we walk to our local park and just start having fun first just playing some basketball and going on the swings. We have so much fun we don't know how long we were there one time we spend 6 hours there just having fun we come home and like 8:00 or maybe 9:00.

My second reason is you get a break for all the hard work you do and get some time to relax. How many times have you came back from school and you did a lot of work? There have been so many times when I came back from school and did a lot of work and I was stress out. When that happens I usually just go out side and play basketball at the park just to relax clean my mind of all that stress I had. During that time all I do is just shoot around practice take is easy and have some fun after all that I come home and I feel much better just getting that break and a time to relax and get rid of all that stress I had really helps a lot. Now when I wake up in the morning I'm not in a bad mood when I go to school and i'll work harder and come back home and do that all over again take a break and relax.

My final reason is when you get board and you have nothing to do and enjoying life. When I get home on a Friday from school and I did all my homework and the sun is still out and I don't want to spend all my time on my phone or on the screen of anything. I go outside and play and just enjoy life not just wasting it on my phone or computer going out side is way more funner then those things. What I do when I get there is play some soccer with the people there or play basketball back then I always was on my phone and one day at school they told me about playing basketball I wasn't good at it so now instead of wasting my time on my phone I'm outside practicing basketball. After a couple days where at school and play I always get picked first people ask me why I got so good I tell them I didn't wast my time on screen I go outside and practice so now when I get home I get text messages saying do you want to go park and play some basketball or soccer. When we get there we don't use our phones at all maybe just to play music but nothing else and when we are outside we're not board and we have a good time and just enjoy life.

As you can see these are some of the reason why i think going outdoors and enjoying your self are a good idea. You can spend time with family and friends and have a fun time with them and get you get to spend time with those you care about so much. You get a break for all the hard work you do and a time for you to relax and take it easy. Not getting board and enjoying life you can go outside instead of being at home playing on your phone, tablet, and your computer and not wasting your time on the screen. So now if you ever get board and you and your friends have nothing to do instead of wasting your time on your phones or playing video games go outside and have some fun.