Once there was a girl named Generic_Name. She was a great student, always doing her homework, and studies hard. Generic_Name was a negative person, she never aims high on any of her exams because she always have a feeling that she will never pass. At the end of the month Generic_Name get her results back and she passes all her exams. Likewise, the great artist Michelangelo once said, "The greater danger for most of us lies no in setting out aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." Some people prefer to aim low and achieve more, while other people prefer to achieve high and achieve more. The greater danger for most of us lies in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark because people should be positive, have goals, and believe in themselves.

The greater danger for most of us lies in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark because people should be positive. In my life I hate staring new things, whenever I start something new I always think negative and I will not achieve it. At the end, I always achieve what I had started. When I started to think positive on what I am doing, I always end up happy for what I aimed for and achieved. People should be more positive on what they're aiming for. When people start to think positive they will feel very sure and confident of what they're aiming for. For this reason, people should not aim too low.

Also, the greater danger for most of us lies in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark because people should have a goal on what they're aiming for. A psychology study have been done on people to test if goals work. The scientist that did the study explained why everyone should have goals, and how having a goal could lead to one do a lot of things. The scientist also explain that a goal is the purpose toward which effort is directed. Having goals to aim for something too high should lead one to achieve a lot of things. For this reason, people should have goals and aim high not low.

Additionally, the greater danger for most of us lies in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark because people should believe in themselves. In the TV show The Good Doctor, the main character Doctor Generic_Name had a surgery and there was only 20% chance that the patient will die. Generic_Name was a great doctor, but he didn't believe that he could do it. Until the patient was about to die, so Generic_Name had to do the surgery for the patient to live. The surgery went very well, and the patient went home healthy. The main character in this TV show didn't believe that he could do the surgery, and when he had to do the surgery it went well. Likewise, people should aim high and believe in themselves more to achieve what they aimed for. For this reason, people should believe in themselves more.

If people aim too low and achieve their mark, then it's dangerous than aiming too high and falling short. As the great artist Michelangelo once said, "The greater danger for most of us lies no in setting out aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." The greater danger for most of us lies in setting our aim too low and achieving out mark because people should be more positive on what they are doing, have steps to achieve their goals, and believe more in themselves. Thus, setting our aim too low and achieving our mark is dangerous. 