Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something? in matter of a fact I believe that if we are always keeping our mind active we get far with many things. Even when we don't think being active is good it really is.

For example we become better human beings we mature even more mostly when your a teenager, and we become more successful in life. If we are always doing something we are using most of each minute of our lives wisely were are always staying active instead of getting into trouble most of the time. Most people get better eduactions by staying busy all the time.

I believe that if Human beings are always keeping there mind busy we recieve a better life. We learn many new things each day. For example, I have two jobs I am always in school once I get out of school I go to work I feel busy most of the time. I go to school I do my paper work from my classes, I take quizzes every friday for math class, and I have to go to work right after school. I feel good with my self because I know I am going to be busy not only that but I am also making money on my own. Keeping yourself busy is a better way on feeling better with yourself your not involved with drama, bad influence, and expecially people who are always trying to put you down by making you think you wont be able to accomplish whatever your going with in your mind. I believe all human beings are capable of reaching every goal we want by staying busy all the time. By staying active you accomplish everything. No body can accomplish anything by just sitting at home doing nothing. You do not get no where in life like that. You have to work for what you want you have to always keep your mind running and especially always believing in your self.

Secondly, if we are always doing something we are using each minute of our lives wisely. Being busy most of the time is a good way on becoming more mature with your self mostly when your still a teen. Teenagers need a lot of skills to learn that you have to stay busy in order to reach up to your goals. I am a teenager I am 18 years old. It has been tough it has been a long way for me to become where I am at now. I feel like my days and ways have been like a roller coaster up and down back and forth. Freshmen year 9th grade was a really hard and dificult year for me. Many friends of mine told me do this do that. I never followed no body I was falling back on grades. I didn't want to work. One day I realized I want to work in the airport. In order to work in the airport I have to put effort to get my high school diploma. I need to get my grades up I need to start focusing, I need to leave the bad influence of friends I had. I realized so much in one day I started to focus and get busy I realized that that's what I neededto do I could not keep waiting for thing to happen on it's own. I most definetly believe being busy makes you accomplish many things in life.

Lastly, most people get better educations, get better jobs, life is not as hard after if you follow the right paths by staying active and busy. We accomplish a lot more by being busy most of the time then by only thinking about what we want to do in life and not doing anything about it. Life becomes more interesting when you get busy. I personally like to always stay busy and focused its the best way to become more successful and happier with yourself. You become a better person. By staying active you become independent also you learn how to be independent with your own self. You learn how to get through many things alone, you are not always going to have friends by your side helping you or supporting you. I had the expierence where I thought most friends are always going to be there for you but I was wrong. I realized that was not true. The only person you have supporting you to accomplish anything is no one else but only yourself.

I strongly agree that being active and always doing something makes you get far in life. Being an active person makes you become a better person and makes you have stronger faith in yourself. Staying busy is not something bad, staying busy is a good expierence to have in order to learn what life is like. You will always have to challenge yourself to realized you can reach your goals. All you need is faith in yourself in order to achieve everything you want and not believing anything of what other people say.  