There are so many reason the student are need to be discarded with the prompt, "Some school offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way online or video conference. They are need to be disagree, because the school offer different kind the program to the student will be success on life. The school can provide us too, some career to start doing and learning what they want to be in the future. The bond more important in this life is the school, because can show us find our real self. The school can provide to be success on life, and can prepare to get better education.

The school provide us to be success on life on different way. The school is really good fundamental step, to teach us what the student want to be on the future and prepare for it. For example two year ago I meet a friend on Cuba who never went to school, he always been saying I dont want my expend my time on the school, when i can work and make really good money. For this moment is really good, because he dont has bill to pay, but after that he grow up. When he has to pay his own bill, and the money is not enough. So his Mon always been saying to him please Generic_Name go to the school, so one day he took the world to his Mon and for this he start to going to school again to the normal person. Generic_Name try to be success on the life and help his Mon what she need doing the right thing. So he never give up and he study hard to graduated. So he complete his goal and now he study doctor on the university, and making good money. This is a really good example to never give up and always need to follow our step no matter what.

The school can prepare the student to get more education . Basically the student past more time on the school than the house, its considered to us to the second house. The teacher teach to us what is the basic thing to respect each other and the main thing prepare us to the career that the student want to get in the future. The education the school bring to us are really important to find our self and to build our goal. Therefore the school is one of the main thing that was invented, because for this way the student can study the career that they want it. The school and the education the school bring always was been considerate the more important step on our life to create our way in the life

Some people may say to have home school is better because the teacher can explain to us most better. But they are wrong because the student can learn more doing the right on the school, can have more time with the teacher to do the homework etc. The school is really good please to find yourself making friend, playing sport. The student learn how to grow up with the person doing the right things. The always come to the school is a really good step to build the student future.

Basically I talked about " Some school offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way online or video conference. The student who come to school the teacher can prepare most better to the future. The school is a really good bonds to us to choose what we want to do. The education that school bring to are really good, because help us to success and grow up like a normal person. The school is always be really nice that the student never forget, because is there what the student decide to do in the future.