Certian school districts allow a program in high school in which students could graduate a year early. But do you think that it is a good idea to graduate in three years insted of four years? Well yes it's a good idea ,there is nothing wrong with gradutating in three years .Maybe he or she just wants to get over high school and start working .Or others just want to start a year early of college .

Some students want to graduate early because they want to start working and making money. They just want to start making moeny and start buying the things they need .There is nothing bad with going into the work force a year early ,students may not like school and just decide to gradute in three years so they can go stright into work field,Everyother student has a diffrent mind set .

High schoolers also would want to gradute early to start off with their college classes,colleges classes are hard and some students just want to finish and complet certian classes they want .Colleges give out alot of work and its hard ,and its not a bad idea to gradute a year early just to start off with your college classes .You get done with like three classes and college wont be as challenging and hard. Students just think ahead and take the option of only taking three years of high school ,and it pays off towrds the end.

Other students take the three years because they dont like school and just want to get finished and complet with high schoool .Other students do it because some have to take care of their families or other students had a child and have to work for that child .Everyone has a diffrent mindset and they all think diffrently from one another.

Taking three year of high school is helpful and good ,But taking 4 years is better because you get a better education and you can get scholorships from colleges .You can also finish you colleges classes in high school and you get more help ,taking four years in high school is helpful too .

I've given you the best ideas on why its good to take three years of high school. It can help out to finish colleges classes sooner .It helps getting into the work foce earlier . Provides money and you can help your family out .We all have diffrent mind sets and think diffrently, but choose whats best for you ,think about your future and think what is the best for you , and i wish you the best of luck in life .                