Accomplish more or Inactivity

Do you think that we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or dose inactivity also sever a purpose. I feel like that we do a lot if we are always doing something and not inactivity. while some may argue if inactivity have a purpose in this I think not, I believe that we can do a lot and accomplish more if we are always doing something because you might want different options from different people, two or more people work better then just one, and you don't have to worry about doing all the work on your self and be worrying about finishing it on time.

Firstly, do you think having different options or opinion would help you accomplish more things? In my own opinion I think having a different opinion and opinion is better why, because someone else way might be better or faster to finish on whatever you are working on secondly, always having a second person while wanting to accomplishing something is better. why because one person might think differently then the other. Like if you worked with someone that was form a different country or state and they did the opposite of what you where doing but it was much faster you would like to learn how they do on whatever they did to finish faster. work could be faster and earlier accomplished by doing it and working it out.

Lastly, accomplishing on whatever you may be working on may help you and the person that you will be working with. I think with accomplishing work you could discover something new or something you didn't know about, and might be good that you would like to share it with you priers and other important people around your area.

In contrast, some people believe that that not being inactivity would help you better you self and accomplish more but I think not. Why because, I believe we accomplish more if we are doing something and working on it because it might get you somewhere in life or better you future and help you in the long run. By sitting down and doing some of the work might not get you as far as the person that accomplish it and will be so much better then the person the accomplished some of the work. This is why I believe doing something and learn more will you more and accomplish more in the long run.       