Doing More Work

I think Thomas Jefferson quote he wrote "Determine never to be idle it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing" is right. I think that we accomplish more if we getting the work done faster working hard, and getting more people to always to work on it.

Getting the work done faster can help. if we are working all day faster and faster we might get tired but people could get more stuff done. If we are building a house and we work on it everyday but some people are just working slow as they can it can take them a year and two but if they were going to work and working faster and faster they could get more done and even get more house to work on. Some people might say that even if I'm working hard I still fail or just done accomplish of what I'm trying to get but if that happens to me I would work harder and faster so I don't fail and and I would accomplish what I'm trying to get.

If you are working hard and always working you are going to get what your trying to accomplish. Working hard mean actually doesn't mean you have to wake up in the morning a go work all you have to do is when you go to work work hard and work all your effort. Some people say that I don't have to work hard to get what I want well in my point is if its a long time goal why not make it short term goal and work hard and hard. If its a short term goal finish it in a day if you believe yourself.

Sometimes working alone can get boring and upsetting. I like to work with people that are happy and believe in there self, and they can get somewhere in there life. People like to work there friends that can distract them from what they are doing and they won't be able to focus on what they are doing. Even getting people to work can make everything easy and get the work done and get what you want to accomplish faster.

Conclusion I think that getting the work done faster and working hard can mange what you do and can get more work and you can get what u want get what u accomplish by working hard and faster. If your always working and your giving you best effort your gonna get to what u want and more.