How can we judge a person without know that person?

In the world there is many people different races,different social levels but everyone on this society is the same.

The people can be really nice if you take the time to know them.

When a person take enough time to know you and try to make a god relationship with you it would change what he or she thinks about you it can change his perspective about you, Some societies judge you because dont Know what kind of people you are and that is because those society dont take the time to look your personality they look at your society conditions and that is bad because it doesnt describe you. In addition if a person is at the lowest point of the society we dont have to judge how munch money they have we got to analyze his personality.

An example of this is like when somebody get into a store and that person is not wearing clean and good stuffs we dont have to say that person is a drug addicted maybe that person came from his work to buy something for wife that is something that we got to think.

The society can not classify anybody or generalize .

All the people has different kinds of mind some people say that the poor people is not educated that they are animals just because they heard something bad about them. That is wrong because all the people is not the same as god people is on this world, bad people is too maybe because somebody did a bad action all that kind of his people is bad too everyone is responsible by his own actions.

An example of this is like when a Mexican make a mistake doesnt mean that all the Mexicans are bad, that action says that he was bad but not everyone was bad.

Another big example is Generic_School in this school there is many Hispanic people as i, just because a person did something bad doesnt mean that all the Hispanic people does that too.

If we help we can change a bad perspective about a person.

All the people always got his own problems, some people is going throw bad moment, because we are humans we are not machines that make everything perfect.

an example is like when somebody had a bad day and you see that person by the first time in your life then that person do something wrong we can not say that person is a dumb just because he made a mistake we can not say that about somebody else, we can help that person talk with that person and provide our to the person who need it that will help to change our perspective and success as a person.

All the people has to have a second chance.

The society that we are is a society comprehensive where you as person can make everything possible, you give a second impression about yourself even if you did a person that gave a bad first impressions.

An example of this is when a person go out from the jail(everybody says that the people that come from the jail gonna be bad but i don think so,maybe that person went to the jail because he made a big mistake thats bad yes)and that person try to fix his life and try to make himself a god person for the society i as person would give a second chance to that person to show me that he changed a wanna success on his life, that would be really nice.

Conclusion:

Everyone can change his first impressions of a person giving a opportunity to show that he is a god person even if he did a mistake he would be god for the society. 