Success comes from failure and failure occurs when something doesn't happen.

As I think and based on my experience I am agree with the statement of Ralph Waldo Emerson, because when someone don't do anything they will never get to the success and can't achieve any skills, so its important to mastered and have skills in your life.

everyone should have skills in more than one because life is hard and without trying more it will become more harder.

As Emerson says:

"you will never grow"

it means that no succeed is possible without skills in different things.

If someone doesn't know anything without their profession in daily life, what do you think will it be easy for him to live like that?

Off course not, because life need everything and we will face hardships too and for being successful in our life we have to know everything and try everything beside that we have mastered.

For example:

someone has skills in engineering but they don't get any job and he want to start his personal business in which he doesn't have any skills, we know that it will be difficult for him to start because he doesn't know anything about business, so if he try and make a way for his business then he will get skills.

Our skills in more then one profession make us famous and shows our personality to other people and makes us more responsible in our life.

Getting mastered in more then one will make you famous and successful.

Life does not remain in one situation and life is going to change in every second.

Also humans are not same as well because everyone is getting older day by day so who knows what will happen next without Allah.

For example:

Everyone of us need to do different tasks and get our skills but beside that our life also need skills for our future generation and it is very important for every human being to have skills in their life because they have to show the right and wrong ways to their children.

If you are a skillful person then everyone will want to meet you because everyone need to know from the person who is mastered and you will become famous and fame is the way to success and without trying noting success is way too much hard.

Knowledge doesn't ends because it's like a sea and sea doesn't stop.

All of human beings needs to learn and they must learn.

knowledge is not just a book and a school that we do in daily life.

For example:

We can't achieve more skills from our books but we can be mastered if we try different from the book and try something new.

If we just try and learn from our books then it will be too much harder to achieve everything's skills from reading book beside reading we have to work and search for it and again trying is best option for success and growth.

We know that knowledge is more important then everything else but also without skill even knowledge is nothing.

If we don't have skills then we don't know how to use our knowledge and our skills comes from doing different tasks and without trying something different success is hard and growth of mind is impossible.

I am agree with Emerson and what does he says is based on his experience and if we think of those things then we can find the right answer.

As I mentioned life is hard and our life need more skills to go further and getting mastered in more then one profession will make us famous and successful in our further life and being famous and successful needs more hard work to try different from what we already know.

Work hard, be active and don't fear because time doesn't wait and our growth of mind and success comes from try different and hard in our life.