Be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is a great accomplishment because you can take the opportunity to be a different person and be who are you want to be. not everyone has the opportunity to see the world differently from others , and making you something else there you not really are. For example: lets said that you live with your family and you don't see that nothing is changing ,and they don't give you the opportunity to express yourself or you dont feel uncomfortable. you decide to move to another country and them you see that in the new place is giving you more opportunity them the one you was live in.

Sometimes to be on a world that is trying to make you something else is not always is a great idea because sometime you can start doing bad things no matter if you are a good person or not. there is always going to be one bad side of the world that you can start see it if you do bad things .

like using drugs, killing people,drinking alcohol. or if you have family issues and you don't have nobody to talk about it.

Its kind of good and bad because it depends on the people too if there are trying to see the world different or not , because there are some of them like they don't care much about the world so I say that being yourself on a world that is giving you different opportunity , is helping you to see the different meanings,things that you see that is impossible to do you can see it differently ways and you can take the time to show it to the others.

I think that if you wants to be someone else is depend if you're a positive person or not. And you see yourself being be successful ,and do the things things you want to do no matter what kind of place you are or not it always depends on people how look the world in different ways and act . And the ways you can achievements your goals is doing the right things.

For example: let said you like nursing and you decide that is what you want to , but your parents tells you that is impossible to force a lots of money to study that but you want to make your goal can true and many people is giving you the opportunity become who you want to be .

Being on a world that is trying to make you to be someone better and its giving you many opportunity to show in different ways like:

studying .

showing your talent on what you like to do.

do the right things.

be who you want be.