The use of technology has had a negative effect on people's lives, because they tempt to take the use of technology as a fundumental part of their life. They get so attached that they miss beautiful moments, people or opportunities, life is full of extraordinary places and people to share life with but why make all that dissapear just to be on a phone or any other technological device.

Technology can be consider a threat for families. Why would it be consider a threat? Well, let's say you and your family are going to Generic_City, you go to the best hotel an as soon as you get there your wife, your children or even you go on their phones immediately without wanting to do or go anywhere. There could also be another example with that, a family reserves a table on the best expensive restaurant in Generic_City and as soon as the family sits down they all go on their phones, even the parents gave that example instead of them wanting to have a nice family dinner. Families lose the connection due to cell phones because just like that family had a date with their phones and not with their own family the connection starts to decrease and after all that it'll be hard to have that open conncetion with your family. That's consider a threat because you're letting the use of technology define how your family will be or do things in there lives. It could also be a positive effect because and not all families struggle with the addiction to technology, people such as; doctors, judges, lawyers, businessman, etc... They have a job and the best way to keep in contact with people that need of them, they have to always be using their cell phones or computers to be in touch with them no matter where or what they are doing. But that shouldn't be any excuse not to have a family time, family comes over everything, you can't miss moments with your family or else you'll regret it in the future you'll just remember being on the phone that entire time. Don't let technology control you or your family.

Love could also vanish do to the lack of commitment with your phone. Relationships now a days are very different from back then, they don't get to be more romantic well they could but maybe through texting. The love they had for each other could easily be broken do to social media, either the guy or the girl could possibly find someone else and cheating happenes, I know that does not the whole reason why but it does affect you in a way. Let's talk about Khloe Kardashian, she being a famous women had to receive the bad news of her baby dad cheating on her moments before she gave birth. In some cases couples don't get to enjoy their date because one of them is in there phone. I've seen that breaking up through text is the biggest excuse for a men or woman, if social media didn't work like it does now there woulndn't be a lot of cheatings. Social media could also be used for good, if you are in a long distance relationship you have the opportunity to talk to your significant other across the world and also because you get to know someone you might marry in the future. But is still bad, social media causes a lot of things to happen such as suicide or having eating disorders or even bulling.

Technology has a negative effect on most kids in elementary, middle or high school. Back then you woulnd't see little kids having the latest phone, because the new generation that is coming is more open minded about how "society" works. There might be things I don't even know and yet you ask a seven year old kid and they know it already, Society has changed a lot from when I was a little girl to how kids are now. KIds are mostly connected on their phone most of them just want to stay home and play Fortnite, not only kids play that all grown ups which makes them looks so childish in my opinion, while before they would really want to go outside to play any sports they could. Little kids having phones at there early age makes them have bad grades in school because there main focus is texting, videos, or video games which don't take them anywhere. The percentage of students having good grades has decreease in a way that surprises you. how many times you see little babies asking for their paretns phone and what do parents do, they give them there phone because they can't control their children what will make them obey is technology. In some way it could be good because they get the chance to have more opportunities in school wise, like having computers in our home helps get your grade up if you use it wisely, some parents don't have the money to buy their kid a computer while schools does provide some don't take a good opportunity. Just look at how children are attached to there phones. Focusing in school will give you so much opportunities that will take you on a greater point in your life and I feel like that is what we need to make all of them understand.

In conclusion, Is good to have technology but don't use it to hurt people which will take them to commit suicide or having eating disorders. Cherish every moment you get to have with your loved ones don't let technology control who you are or who you can be. People don't have the same human contact anymore because they are more worried that they'll get a text that they need to respond as soon as possible. Live every moment to the fullest you never kknow what could happen in ten minutes or the next day.      