Have you ever had problems? Yes, I do agree with the statement Duke Ellington said "A problem is a chance for you to do your best.". We all make mistakes which would probably become into a problem, But there's problems in which you cannot resolve. Mistakes often show you what you did wrong and that you shouldn't do it again because what is the point of doing it again, You'll only get into more problems and it is a waste of time. You wouldn't like to be involved in drama, That is why i believe you should make choices wisely then than rush them, Wisely choose your words, Explain situations or words you mean.

I believe Duke Ellington had many problems in his life that he made the best out of, See what he did or said wrong in his problems and might of found solutions so he could leave it all behind and move on with his life. There's always consequences for our actions, No person exists without problems or mistakes in their life, We aren't perfect but we can be good. Duke Ellington did not only become famous because his talents, He worked hard for what he wanted and did not give up on what he desired the most in life. There is always going to be problems in life no matter what, You may or may not avoid it. We learn lessons in our problems and mistakes. We only live once so cherish what you got, Not what other people got. You may avoid problems by watching what you do or say.

I have problems of my own too, We say things we shouldn't say or do things recklessly. We aren't angels, We do bad things sometimes, Good people always have a bad side along with bad people who can have a good sides. We all have a successful purpose in life but that depends on our choices we make in life. I do think admitting what you did wrong is better than lying all the time, You'll get wrapped up in your own lie. People will always find out on good or bad times. What you may wanna do is admit to your problems and mistakes, Move on and get on with your life. Forgive and forget or not forgive but forget. Problems can cause you stress, It's not very good spending your time worrying about your problems, Do what you have to do in order to get out of problems you don't wanna be in, I know it's not easy to deal with things that you do not wanna deal with, Nothing is easy in life. Life is meant for mistakes. We all had to do some messed up things, There is not one person who did not do anything bad or go through stressful moments, We cannot avoid mistakes or problems along with death itself. We aren't immortal, You want to live the best in your life , Have amazing memories and not let worries come in your way, We all worry about things but it is better to not think about it that much.

There are people with issues in their lives even famous celebrities, They're human like us, They're not perfect either, They also had problems and mistakes done in their past including present time. Money doesn't solve problems in life. We don't deserve to live life stress fully, It's not worth it. Do not lie in problems you are currently involved in, It'll only get worse. We're all gonna be successful in our own ways. Don't be other people, Be you. Your mistakes and problems helped you become a better person, I guess i could say we aren't all bad people but neither good.

Listening to others problems are highly recommended, You can learn from their experience and take action. Ask for advice, Find the people you rely and trust the most or ask a elderly family member because they're most experienced in life. You have to speak up, Staying quiet won't help resolve anything. Be smart about it, State out facts. If you did anything by accident explain current misunderstandings you've made in the problem, The quicker you try to resolve the problem the faster you'll get out of the problem but do not pressure yourself too much, It'll take a while for the problem to fade away. Worrying will cause stress to come, Don't think about the problems too much either. Take your mind off it by having fun, Mistakes are suppose to be made in life. If the problems keeps going and doesn't go away, At this point is useless, I'll suggest you to probably ignore it, There's no point to trying to work something out and that is not going the way you wanted it to.

It also depends the people you're around with, If your friends or anyone you talk to gets you involved in problems, I'll suggest you to hang out with new people, I mean yeah, You can hang out with the people you feel most comfortable with, That's up to you. Also friends shouldn't be involving you in situations you do not want to be in. You can also help loved ones who is involved in a problem, Give them advice, Hang out with them in order for them to not stress a lot. There's always a meaning behind problems even if it's good or bad. Ignoring problems are often better for some people, Others just want to resolve it and get it over with. Think before you do things.

It is quite good to have problems in your life. It helps you benefit lessons you never learned about, Be a better person and make you more mature handling situations. As i said, We all have problems, Even me. It had helped me be calm in stressful situations, Be mature about it and learn lessons in my own problems and choices. I believe it's beneficial for a person to have problems in their lives.