How do we feel when we see homeless people wandering around outside during winter seasons? It is so sympathetic and sad immediately we come across one. Attitude is the arrangement of the body or figure. A person's good or bad behavior begins to be obvious based on their actions. Actions and how we even talk can make people easily judge us in a good or bad way. Our actions show how we are and even help others predict our future lives. A positive attitude is the key to success in life. Good actions are keys to every good and successful doors in this world. In today's world, there are lots of sufferings and struggles so to cope in life, you need some good behaviors to overcome all the obstacles. Some importance of positive attitudes are; love,blessings, and success.

A positive attitude persuade people to love us. Commercials on televisions are not there just to make us happy but to persuade people to buy whatever they are advertising. No one is going to use some filthy dresses for commercials on televisions but the ones in good qualities because, everybody love things which are in good qualities in this world. Even before a man gets married, he really studies and examine the behavior of his love before they get married. Marriage is a long journey full of good and bad moments so, to have peace in life, we all plan very well to choose good partners who, can help us watch our babies togather.

Our good behaviors attract people to us which also makes us strong in life. President Agyekum Kuffour, who was a president in Ghana won the hearts of his people. This president knew how crucial humans are so, during his rule, he helped Ghana by building hospitals, decreasing the amount of money on goods so that all all the rich and poor can survive and made education very important. Poverty is a very difficult sickness which is so hard to let go sometimes. Poverty hides people in the dark and even prevent them from participating in some activities sometimes. So we must always help the poor, try our best, contribute to what we can reach and love one another because in today's world money is the leader of everything. A positive attitude does not only persuade people to love us but also makes us blessed.

A positive attitude brings more blessings in our daily lives. Blessings ask divine care and protection for us. Blessings are the good points we earn due to our positive lives which also exempt us from all bad situations. Some positive attitudes like helping the poor, homeless,widows, orphans, and sick people causes more blessings. In my opinion, to spend much money on expensive things like watches, makeups, many dresses, and phones, just donate a dollar to orphans and homeless people and this is going to give you some protection because some orphans were born so special, unique, and their words are like billions of money. In the bible, Abraham and Sarah married for so many years without a child. They followed their creator's commandments and rules but waited patiently for a child. Immediately they were blessed with one, God asked Abraham to sacrifice his only son, Isaac to him but he was obedient to God. Let me ask this question. "If it was us, were we going to do what Abraham did?" I don't think so. Meanwhile, God was just testing Abraham's faith and he was blessed by God after his positive attitude toward Him.

You will never know where your help or success is going to come from so we must always show love to one another because our success can come in a form of blessings from our own people around us. If our positive attitude brings us more blessing, we will go higher in life too.

A positive attitude makes us reach higher places in life. With blessings for our positive attitudes, we can definitely enter through all the good doors in life. As stated in the bible "obeying is a blessing and disobeying is a curse" is the same as respecting makes you go higher and rudeness makes you end terribly in life. A parent who knows best will never give birth and hate their own child. Every parent want the best for their children. Respecting our parents are just like a full pot of gold. Not only to our parents but our teachers, counselors, custodians and everyone on this earth. You can never disrespect some people and go free on this earth you have to face some bad consequences so we must show some positive attitudes and this can make us go higher in life. Last time, I was watching a movie alone. In the movie, a woman gave birth to two beautiful girls. so when they grew up, the elder child started disrespecting her parents, treated and talked to them like her age mates. She refused to do all house chores and leave everything on her younger sister. When it was time for them to marry, her younger sister got a very good and humble gentleman because every man wants peace but the elder one married three men but they all broke her heart. This movie taught me a lot in life. Obeying is success and disobeying goes with a total downfall in life.

Life is tough, life is complicating sometimes and life is also difficult. To go higher and to get to a better place in life, you will never get it in an easy way. Positive attitudes open all the good doors for us. It makes us shine in public, classify us as very unique, brings us peace, love, blessings, and makes us go beyond the successful roads. So, to prevent all bad consequences, we must show some positive attitudes because it does not cost to be nice to people. Loyal relationships values the most. Our first bath in our lives was taken by someone and our last bath will be taken by someone. We must all be in our lane and also support others in their lanes because, together, together we can accomplish all our missions very peacefully!                                 