People who values Self-reliance do things by themselves and don't have to see someone to ask about what they are planing to do. People think that nature is a beautiful place to live so, they don't trust in another. Then,Self-reliance is a fact that you ca do everything on your own this helps that people who work individual and to this thing without ask someone else they might learn an experience by themselves they will learn how life is. However, Self-reliance is part of the nature we can believe in "God" even if we don't go to the church people just do what is right and be a good person. First, Those people who values self-reliance do their stuff by themselves always no just like to be happy yourself. People who practice self-reliance might get an experience of what they be do right and what be wrong with them. Nature is a beautiful place where people can be happy all time and they don't worry about nothing because they think they been doing the right thing, self-reliance is practice just for people who wants to do everything in you own. Second,Self -reliance is fact that just people who wants to do things by themselves can practice they feel confidence about all they can do in you own and they do not trust in the others people because they think the others people can tell them to take a bad decisions for this reason this people believe in themselves so nobody can distract them. They are individual because that is the best way to be happy is to do first what you like not what others like. Third, I think this kind of people should be right on what they do ,but they learn their own experience when they did something wrong then this people try to be better by their mistakes. In additional, I think self-reliance is a fact that best describe those people who always do the things in their own and they feel confidence of the things thats they are capable of do everything by themselves ,but if this people should visit an experts before to do what they wants it will be much better for them to because they get anthers ideas so it's going to be more helpful for this people that like to practice self-reliance people could do everything little more perfect when they go to visit an expert because they tell them what they might have to be prepare for it. People can be more guide to do things more right. If people do not visit experts that can be fine because they just wants to be happy to do what they like in case of visit an expert they just go without any clue that can help them sot it 's important to visit an expert because they can tell you what things you can do if you get in an situation ,but if you do not visit can be fine because you just wants to be happy and feel confidence and don't trust in others because they can guide to the wrong path. Finally Self-reliance is most about nature and individual some people think that if they do things by themselves it will be more easy for them because they want live and be happy the most that they can; self-reliance include the nature where the people who values self-reliance can be happy in nature they can find what they wants to be the happiness people in the world because nature is also one the most beautiful place around the world. Therefore, This people who values self-reliance think that you can believe in "GOD" even if you do not go to a church just be positive of all you do is the right and you no hurt others so they can't hurt you; it is a good way to put in practice the individuals that you have and what you believe too. Many people think that self-reliance it's important because you got the option to be yourself in this world so that the choice for you to do what makes you happy and be individual and the others people cannot guide you to a wrong way that why you should do first what is good for you and for the other. In conclusion,People who values self-reliance and they like to be individuals its a good opportunity for them to practice because they can share their ideas and their wishes to be the happiness person in the world because you depend by yourself. People believe in self-reliance that nature is the most beautiful place that exist in the world to visit to be happy and you can find god there you dont have to go the church to find God because He is everywhere around the world and you just most have to do the right thing and not hurt other so they cannot hurt you too. I think if that people who like to depend by themselves if they visit an expert it could be better for them to do much better things as they do in their own if they go to a expert before to do something it will help you to be more prepare and ready to do what you like and also can help you to be more prepare for any situation that you can have. Visit an expert will be the best thing for you because you can do everything right and guide by a expert is a clue that you will not how to take care of it in a difficult situation because you been told by an expert what can you do when something is going wrong , but if going by yourself its fine because that what makes you happy and makes you feel capable to do what is better for you.