I have a friend who is special to me and I can trust her whenever I have a problem or situation. This friend I have is really nice, a hard worker, and always helps me with school things a lot. Sometimes when I struggle she is always there and knows when i'm trying to hide my problems away from them.

I met this friend in fifth grade my friendship with my friend is really special. Now, I know what their personality is like, and when it comes stressful, wonderful, sad, special, and other moments in their life I can always find a way to make them feel better. I can always count on them because they know how to always work things out, they can also be very fun and silly at the same time which is great. We can always study together, play games, and do a lot of fun activities. We always joke around about a topic and create silly ideas to make it funny and entertaining to make more jokes. We were really happy to be with each other even though we had to know each other more.

I only met them in fifth grade but we became really close in seventh grade. When we entered in seventh grade they didn't have any of their friends in any of their classes, I was, but in only one. This only class they had me with them was the class we had every day to see each other in. They didn't know anyone besides me because we had already met but they didn't know anyone. They were really shy back then but I helped them to make more and new friends besides the ones they already had and me because I was in only one of their classes but not in the others. Then they made new friends in other classes which they are still friends with other people, they introduced me to their new friends and they were really nice and I was really happy for them being friends with new people.

We both know that their a really hard worker, they could also be trusted and a special friend. Now, when it comes to us being older we might fade away from each other as time goes by, no one knows when one of us will change or leave but, if we get separated and change I will know it's them only by looking into their heart no matter how much they change I will find them again because once a best friend always a best friend.