Some schools have the option for students to complete or inish their classes from home, I agree that students would benefit from being able to take their classes in home.

Mosts schools have the option of take their classes in home. They have many ways to do it, some of this onlines schools have online classes is most commun option, this onlines classes can be benifit for the students because they can finish their classes earlier than normal high school student in regular classes, it make more time for the students to do any other activite as sport, read, or spend time for their self. Schools have two kind of online classes, private and group classes. Private classes can help the student to have more comprehend and attetion because is the only student in the class that make a better connection with the teacher, the teacher can have more focus on the student. Private classes can be best option for shy students, they can feel comfortable to share their ideas and comments with out others students pressure. Home schools also have a groups classes this kind a classes are made for more than one students in the class, group classes are as the regular class in regulars schools. There are many students and just one teachers. The only difference is that students recived their class online and it almost imposible to miss a day by online classes because you can make your schelude and in some online group classes you can select your teacher, it just depend if the schools let you select the teachers.

Some of this schools also use video conferencing, vidio conferencing is great because students can have a better communication with the teacher and the rest of the class, i think vidio conferencing work as a regular class, seen everyone. The benefit for this option is that you can perceive the imagine that is easy for your brain to understand things and is also better to have most understanding about the topic that you recive in class. Students can change their ideas and thougths each others to have a better reflection of the class, they can help each other if they don't understand something. Teachers also make they classes more interesting by making diferent dynamics to don't make the class bored. Homeworks by video conferencing i think is better than regulars schools homeworks because if they have time at the end of the class, they complete their homework each other, if they have any question teachers and students share they anwers, it make easy for the students to complete the homeworks.

Many students can't attend regular school for many reason. This students can have disease, for that reason they prefer to be in home and many cases their doctor tell them to be in home with special supervision. Some others students their parents parents have a specials jobs, their jobs make them travel a lot, they move to other country or state for months or couple years so this students finish or do schools by distance learning. Students who were victim of bulling also prefer to finish their year in home. There are many reason why people can't go to regulars or prefer to do online schools. For this different cases and there are many others cases why people don't attend regulars schools, the best option for them is distance learning they going to have the same learn as a regulars schools.

In conclusion, many people get benefit to do distance learning also call online school. People have many reason why they attend this onlines schools, the benefit that they have is really big they can finish or do their school in really big distance from other country or any other place, they also have different option to complete their classes as groups classes, private classes and vidio conferencing, they can also choise they teacher and schelude. This onlines can be the best option and can benefit everyone.