Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Technology day with day is advancing and some people are good with that, but many things had change since the technology exist because it is attendant to surprise the people, with many things that are offering.

Today many people believe that technology is a good way to buy many things without going out, for example: it is easy to purchase what we need and the good part of this is that it just take a few minutes. Also buying the things by the cell-phone it will reduce the gas of the cars. For instance the most important part is that technology helps the people that have a disability, that can not hear, talk or the people that are sick and also helps the people that are always busy and do not have time to go out to stores. Above all with the technology it is easy to purchase what people need.

First many people like the idea of how technology has improve because in order to go out we can buy things and it takes a few minutes to check and buy our needs, and we're saving gas of our car, instead of going out it is easy to purchase by the cell-phone. Sometimes the people who work went tired when they get home and don't have enthusiasm to talk with nobody, so for the people who work it is comfortable to be in the bed buying, reading, and playing at home, for example: when both of my parents work they try to sleep and relax and they don't like when my brother and i start yelling and bother them with our voice. They try to find a day that both of them have off to buy what we ask them because the days that they work they came home tired and they prefer to be quieted and just sleep. Despite this in other cases people sometimes don't have the resources to go out.

Second some people like how the technology become because there are some people that might be sick or have a disability that they can not talk or hear and also don't have how to mobilize it is easy to do the shop by phone, but there is people that don't have access of a car, sometimes it is necessary have to pay someone to mobilize them, for instance doing this every day it will be way expensive, and having the technology they can do all the things without having to move or interact with other people, for example: when i first come to the united states i did not know how to speak English and my dad did not have a car because for 12 years he was living alone and because he didn't have a car to mobilize it was difficult to go out,

also when my mom and i wanted to go to the mall we needed to walk. Since neither my mom speak English it was difficult so when we need help we could not ask. When the months pass my dad finally buy a car and i learn English, since then it was more easy to go to the stores because at that time the technology was not advanced as today. Today when i see something on internet and don't want to talk with other people i buy it online, technology have good and bad because today if all my family is at home everyone has a phone, computer, and iPad, it is rare the time that we don't use the technology we all are every day on our phones, loosing the communication with family, i can't imagine how the future will be.

Even though some people believe that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had a positive effect on people's lives, others argue that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had a negative effect on people's lives. In past years the people only buy things at the store, it was a special time because it was a time to share and talk with the family and it was awesome. But today the thing change, instead of going to the store or be playing our with friends the kids only want to be inside of home playing with the iPad and not talking with nobody. Today people start buying what they need by the phone, and some people specially the kids don't go out anymore and if they do is always with the phone. The technology came to change the world and is winning because we the humans are letting this happen. But the people have no idea of how technology will affect in the future if we the people stay like we are now, sending texts instead of talk in front of the person, for example: when i am in my rood and i don't want to get up i just call may mom and tell her to send me food with little my brother, instead of me stand up and go get my food. Time change and we all are doing us a bad.

In conclusion the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology should has positive effect on people's lives because people can be at home in the bed and buy things at the same time, instead of being out, it is easy to do the things since our home, because sometimes people are with a bad humor and it is better to be at home without bother another people.         