Our world if full of a lot different people from around the world. And we all have different goals and diffrent ways to see our life. Thoma Jefferson wrote "Determinenever to be idle..it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." as

I read this quotes

I strongly believe that we acomplished more if we are always doing something. if everyone would think the same way we all can reach beyond more. Students now days they don't have a lot of goals or motivation in life .And if we determine ourself to keep going; we will succeed in life. Attending collegue or always being involve in daily activity such a yoga clases, painting or being involve in afterschool programs. It will determine us not to be worthless.

First of all,as we finish HIgh school we all should attend college . And keep our education going beacuse the more knowledge we get the smater we are. I personaly feel that i acomplished more when I focused on reaching my goals.

As a prepare myself to graduate this year from High School. Im looking forward to go to colllege to study Early childhood. Attending college is going to be one of my biggest dream. And looking foward to become a professor. The key to sucess is to work hard.

Sencondly, being involve in daily activities give people joy and feel motivate. Some people loves helping in after programs or during school. As we get involve in this activies; we acomplish a lot by helping people that they need and also it helps us humas to be better for our community. My sister helps an afterschool program that helps the little kids to do their homework and some crafting project . She shares with me that working on this gives her gratitude and is helping her on the career that she is studying. Persuing this goals brings us pleasure because we are helping others.

At the end, the sociey we live in today, we all think and act differently but, if we all implement the quote the Thomas jefferson wrote; we will be living a a complety different planet. It is admirable how much it will be done if we are always doing something. We don't see how much this changes impact our daily life until we impliment them. I feel that attending to college while working is a great choice because it can help persue peoples dream and accomplish more in life. 