I am totally agree with the former british prime miniater winston churchill because before you get a success in your life you have to through so many bad things, But how he said you never have to loss your enthusiasmo even if you are going from failture to failture.

Reasons why i'm agree with him.

one reason why i'm agree with his words is because sometime when we're going from failure to failure and we loss our enthusiasm and we let our dreams go or the succes that we wish to get done. But if you never loss you enthusiam i could tell you that no one will stop you and you will be where you want to be and doing all the one day you wished it to do it.

another reason why i'm agree with him is because once you loss you enthusiam is like you lost everything, You not going to keep working on your dreams you just gonna let them go and that's not okay cause you always have to work for want you want in your life and get done all the pursuit of success that you would like to have one day.

I think that one of the most important thing in this statement are those words ''success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm''

because those words means a lot thing in real life,

because sometime we just give up for the things that we want only for the reason that we failured. But those words show me that we never have to give up even if we are passing through of bad times because if we keep fighting for those success that we want in our life we'll get them, but first you have to belief in yourself and always keep your head up.

i writing this statement because i;m agree with those words, because those words bring a lot of enthusiasm for whoever read this articule and this articule open your mind to keep fighting for your dreams even if your passing bad times in your life. and this articule let you know what success mean because sometimes we don't know that we have to trough a lot of thing before get a success.

In my point of view this statement is really helpful because it show you what you need to do if you want to get pursuit in your life and tell you how important is your enthusiasm if you want to be a sucess's person in this world.

so enthusiams it will be one of the most impotant thing that you need to keep on your mind if you want to be a success's person, Because once you lost you anthusiams it will all for you cause you not going to keep looking or fighting for the success that one day you wish to get done.

One more thing that i leaned from this statement is that you have to keep trying and trying even if you failured more than one time because if you not fight for you dreams and for the persuit of success that you want in your life nobody will do it for you so let's keep our head up and let's keep fighting for what we want cause you decide where you want to be and where you want stop,

so show to the world that if you want to be a loser you will be a loser but if you want to be a success person you will tho, but everyone who would like to be a success person need to have a good anthusiam and never give up for those thing that they want on their life.    