Are you fast or enjoy running? Do you like to run track? Well I do! Something I have been interested in this year is track. In my opinion running track is an enjoyable educational activity. Track is enjoyable because it can help you get faster, it makes you want to keep fit or healthier, it makes you think more about supporting your teammates or just your team, and it actually makes you want to listen to your coach. Especially on meets. Which makes track more enjoyable or fun.

I think track makes you faster in running because, when your coach or coaches' tell you to stretch, do the warm ups,and use your arms when running, you can see that you do better and get faster everyday. Which makes you enjoy track because of your speed.

You see your speed increasing which makes you happy. Did you know when you run, work out, and stretch your muscles are stretching and tearing or ripping? Yes, when you stretch and actually workout on the track you muscles stretch sand tear. Thats why when you go home the next day your very soar form practice. Thats because your muscles are stretching and growing at the same time. That's why it is important to stretch everyday and actually take your coach's warm up serous. However, all these things do make you tired but it is all worth it.

Track is also enjoyable because it makes you want to stay fit and eat healthier. It makes you want to eat healthier because, you dont want to eat a lot of junk food and then get slow as a snail. No offense to snails though. But keeping fit and healthy are very important. Example, one time before practice I ate hot Cheetos. I regretted it after because I started to have heart burns when I was running. Which was very distracting to me. I had to sit out until I felt better because they were bothering me. Therefore, I

now eat helathier just because of that one day. That's why staying healthy while running track or just running in general is important. You enjoy track more when you feel ready and healthy.

You also enjoy track better when you listen to your coach. Listening to your coach is very important especially, in meets. Listening to your coach makes track more enjoyable because if you miss something because you were not listening you can get frustrated and you cant enjoy things when your frustrated. Plus on meets there are going to be hundreds of students and parents. So, it is going to be very loud. That is why listening to your coach is the key to enjoying track. You wouldn't want to miss out or sit out because of not listening. That would not feel so great. Especially getting yelled at for not listening.

Track is also enjoyable or fun when you have supporting team mates or a supporting team. You enjoy track that way because you feel more confident in yourself and you don't have doubts but, when you don't have a supporting team or team mates you might feel a little down. That is why I feel that having everyone being nice to each other and just encouraging one another to do better is more enjoyable. Then, having mean old teammates and not being so supportive. Plus everyone deserves to be lifted up and treated nicely.

In conclusion, track is a lot of things. Especially fun and enjoyable. But to enjoy something you have to have a positive attitude which you also need for track. Track is as fun as a vacation. Well, maybe not extremely fun but it is for a lot of people, who take running serious. You feel like you achieve goals. Which is fun. Even though track sounds hard. It really is not once you put your mind to it. You don't regret doing it later. That's why so many people including me enjoy track. As long as you take is serous you will do just fine. 