There is a debate today day about whether the students should study from home or school. Many people agree that the appropriate way to study is going personal to the school. My idea is that they are well understanding when the students go to the school because they have mutiple attention. Here are some reasons why many students master a course in school rather than online courses. First they can ask questions at any time, second improvement on learning new topics, and last friends support in group work.

First, many teenagers who take online courses still have questions or guesses on their answers. Here some reasons why many on the students does not master some courses. The classes related with Math, Chemistry, and History are the complicated for most learners. Those who are assisted by a teacher are the ones with the chance of clarify any problem related with numerical or logic problem; also the teenagers can make corrections in their work by asking for solutions. While the students with online courses are involved with more guesses, but the course program does not provide clear answer or does not provide an answer.

Second, the improvements in schools classes vary depending the faculty member you are with. Online games made by the teachers related with the actual topic makes the topic easy by practicing in the game, also entertain them at the same time keeping their minds relaxed and widely open to process more information within the game. Other teachers prefer individual activities with certain amount of exercises provided in previous classes. Those improvements help to find new ways to solve a problem, hints, and interpretation of the problems. The online courses does not provide incentives for students allowing them to decrease the interest in the process.

Finally, friends. They provide self confidence by asking an unclear problem and having different points of view at the same time. The opinions provided for the people you know encourage them to keep it up; there's some times the teacher explanations does not clarify at all and your group provides detailed explanations of a process. The efficiency in the group is enforced by dividing the labor and finishing soon; them the work can be shared with the people at the table, explaining how the process was made, and at the same time they can make corrections in what the other person have done. Different than the online practice made by the person self can take weight longer to get an specific difficulty.

Those are the reasons why many people prefer the schools rather than house. The help in questions by the teachers, improvement in learning in different ways, and the support of people you know and you feel confident with. Those reasons allow students to be better at something they aren't with the help of someone that knows more about the course. This people that provide assistance is a boost to keep track in school related.