In my opinion, students should know what career they want in life. I agree with the societies that have this rule; because, it gives students the opportunity to start a career and they will also know what to expect, they would have a clear mind on what they want, and parents' can even save money for college.

By giving students the opportunity to start a career in high school, they will be more focus on school and that can even keep them from getting distracted. Most kids from my school, like to play a lot and don't take school serious. This could make a difference if we had the opportunity to work and study on what we want to do after high school. We could also, be gathering experince for our future jobs.

Therefore, students would have a clear mind on what they want and would be more educated. In my opinion, when students enter high school for the first time, their first year which would be ninth grade, students should be introduce to different careers. Once students are introduce to the careers, and they have aleady choose what they want. That's when teachers will know what they need to teach the students.

This will not only help students' education, this would also help parents. The reason this would help parents is they can save college money, because their kids are getting the education they need for free. So, when they are in twelve grade and they are getting ready to go to college, they will not have to pay a lot because they have got some of the classes they need. In fact, students could even be getting different colleges offerts if their grades were good for all semesters which means parents would not have to pay anything.

I honestly, would love if my high school had this rule, because I could've start my career already, i would've had a more clear version on what I want for my future, and it could even saved me and my mom money for college. It would benefit all of us like I said in the beginning especially those students' who doesn't take school serious. Also, students would be more responsable and respectfull.                