Is it having a possitive attitude the key to succes in life?

If someone would ask me if a possitive attitude is the key to be succesful in life. I honesty would agree with them. Because in a big part of life everyone is going to have to deal with ups and downs, Some more than others but everyone have to go through something bad for something good to happend. everyone have to fight for what they want, and on that fight is going to be bad parts and good parts but if you stay possitive most of the time you are going to win the fight , accomplish what you were loooking for and be succesful, But if you aren't just keep trying and be possitive everytime.

Always have possitive thoughts a possitive attitude and keep trying, Get up over and over intuil you accomplish your dreams, Do not give up because if something i have learn is that if you give up and think negative, you would never be succesful and know what you are actually capleble of, Thats why a lot of people is just stock in the same place because they are scare for what is going to happen, Because they have more negative thoughts then positive ones, That's making them not be succesful in life, thinking that they are better where they are and not where they can be.

A example from my life is when life just decided to punch me in the face, just change my life. About two years ago when i was in freshmen year of high school, my doctor told me that i have a bad arteria is the vein that gives oxygen to the heart, So i had to have a heart surgery.

This is how everything started, One day I woke up got ready to go to school, went to school like usual. at the time I was in middle school, Generic_School, I was playng soccer and i have got to tired went to the bathroom I felt like something wasnt right, I drop to the ground and felt nausia, I didnt give it any atention and just kept going with my day like normal. Almost around six months later i had another mini heart attack, But at the time i didnt know what it was. I was just laying on my bed and i just started feeling a sharp pain in the chest, But it went away in about 30 minutes. when everything got serious was later on about another six months later when I was at school at the time i was almost finishing freshmen year at Generic_School, my chest started to hurt badin class, So what i did was go to sleep in class and see if it would go away, Then when i woke up the pian wasn't there anymore. I wen to my house and about 4 hours later the pain started again and it was bad so I told my mom and we went to the emergency room in the hospital. At the time i had a infection in my trought so the doctor said that it was doe to the infection, then they told me to go to a heart specialist. The apointment was on a monday my mom had decided that we wern't going to go so she call the place to cancel the appointment and they told her that it was important for me to go because it was something serious. They told us that what i had was mini heart attacks, he told us that i was going to have to get a heart surgery because there was more posibilities for me to die of a heart attck then to die during the surgery, so i didnt have any other choise more then take the chance and have the surgery done.

The whole time i was pissitive, I wasn't scare at all i didn't have bad thoughts. So the day that i was going to have my surgery finally came. The doctors read to me all the chances that i had to die if something went wrong bacuse they had to stop my heart and conect the veins t a machine so they could work on my heart, i was just calm and thinking possitive all the time with a smile on my face and having a possitive attitude. I had my surgery and everything went perfect in a week i was out of the hospital, In about three months i couln't wait any longer so i got a job start working making moneyand going to school, always possitive. And now i am makin almost

$1,100 per week and i'm just 18 years old still bought my second car crash it fix it and sold it then I bought me a 2017 Subaru WRX STI and my life is just going better and better some down and ups but getting up no matter wha, always trying and giving bad moments a smile and always possitive because things always are going to hapend but that's how life is. I dont know where i would be right now if i had a bad attitude all the time, and negative thoughts, thanks god i'm still here alive.

Hope you guys like it and remeber always possitive attitude.     