I agree because if you already mastered did you will never grow and you going to feel like you don't need to do it again. Many people like doing thing and being good at it and they might already have done it but they will still do it. If you already did the thing you want and you mastered it you gonna think you don't have to do it anymore and you will never grow from it. So if you play soccer and you are good at it don't mean you don't have to do it again even if you mastered you can always do it again and come better at it. Playing a sport and thing you already mastered don't mean you can't try it again you just have to keep doing until you make it you have to do is keep trying and become more better even if you mastered it already. People grow up with thing they love and they already mastered so much thing in they life that don't mean they stop doing it it help them grow and come better at it.

Growing up thing you already had done and you aready mastered don't mean you don't have to do it again because many people loves doing thing they can and thing they mastered because that's the thing they want to do and they will grow up on it. If you feel like you don't have to do it anymore just beacuse you mastered don't mean you can't do it no more you will never grow up if you only did it once and never do it again. you might mastered thing in your life and you might not but if you ever mastered and you don't want to do it again that mean you not gonna grow up and you feel like you already did it so you don't need to do it again if you want to grow up and become better at it. You can always give it a another shot even if you done it before you will become better and you will mastered it again. many people become mastere at so many thing but they never stop trying they always did it again beacuse you can become someone imporent to kids even the adults. Some of the adults became mastered at so many thing that they love doing and they will always wannado even if they won or lose. If you mastered thing in your life and never do it again you will not grow from that.

I know many people that has mastered things in life that they love doing and never give up on that people will grow and change if they are doing what they want they will aways try it again. Many peple mastered thing in they life and they did it again and they never give up on that things they love you should't feel likeyou don't want to do thing you already done you should do it again and never give up on it that how you grow thign you love doing. nobody should ever feel like they don't have to do things they already di because you become better at it and mostly you will grow up. You can't grow up if you did it but don't want to do it again if you love thing you want to do it you can always go for it and that how you grow and even if you lose you can always come again but ten times better then last time. just because you done it and you mastered don't mean you should never do it again.

You should try it until you beacome better at it and never give on the thng you love doing. Mnay people give up on the thing they love doing beacuse they mastered one time that doesn't mean you can't try it again.

Most people woul want to do thing they want and so much other thing even if the mastered in they life you shouldn't never give up and learn from it and grow up about it. You will never grow if you don't evne try it anymore. If you feel like you done it already and you don't want to do it anymore don't mea you can stop and not do it anymore. People will never up on the thing they love and they always try it again even if they mastered in they life. You can't not give up on the stuff you love doing and even if you already mastered you beacome more better and you will grow up if you keep tring the thing you want. Most of the people will feel like they don't have to do it after they already had done because they feel good about they self and they think they they the best as they should but they should never stop trying. 