Have you ever heard the saying," If you want to make it somewhere in life, you have to start with yourself." In this case, that saying can relate a quit bit to the statement

Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote. Everyone in the world has their own talent, dream, and goal. Other's master things differently, but question is, exactly how ? Giving up, doubting yourself, and not being motivated will honestly not take you or anyone else in the right path to success. So, the statement Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote was motivating. So he says, " Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." That should at least open the eyes of some folks.

Many people lack when it comes down to knowing who they want to be in future. Im not saying it's easy but, someone needs to start somewhere, somehow. For an example, my uncles friend lost his sister at the age of fourteen from a tragic event. His sister death lead to many unhealthy actions in the household. The destruction did not only affect him but, his parents as well. At the age of sixteen he decided to honor his sister, and reunite the family once again. So, one day he joined the wrestling team at his high school. My uncles friend admits he wasn't the best in the team but, he worked hard so that when it came down to the other wrestling teams he could be undefeated. He didn't only set that as a goal for himself but, the death of his sister was a huge motivational push of accomplishing that goal.

Being confident does not only make you feel good physically but , emotionally as well. On the other hand,doubting yourself seems to be more easy when your not really sure if things are going to come out right or wrong. For an example, when a teacher is giving a lesson he or she may ask the students to give a response to the question the teacher may have asked. Let's say a student wasn't really sure if their response was going to be correct so they wait on another student to answer it for them. What if the student that gave the teacher the answer was correct,

the student that was doubting their self may go back and think to themselves; " I should've said it myself." This happens to everyone including me but, sometimes you have to be a little confident even if your wrong, you can always learn from your mistakes and use your mistakes as a tool to do better.

Do you really think giving up is the right thing to do ? In my opinion, giving up is for losers if you want to get somewhere in life you need to strive to do your best at all times. As a result , giving up brings you to no good. It's like running around the track and you made it to three laps and let's say you had to do one more to finish a grand prize of 1,000 dollars. Are you really going to give up those 1,000 for NOT RUNNING ONE MORE LAP! Giving up is not the answer at all, pushing yourself , picking yourself up is the right answer. Sometimes you have to go through obstacles to get where you need to be.

To conclude, I strongly agree with the statement of Author Ralph Waldo Emerson. Theirs times when you need to add a little confidence instead of doubting yourself , push yourself hard enough until you need to get where you want to be, instead of giving up,

and most of all use your weakness as a tool to motivate you to find you purpose in life.    