Do you think debating the adoption is good way for the teenagers. But you can talk with the council about that problem, and he can get a good reason teenagers can be happy about that. if the curfew is adopted, teenager on the streets after those hours would breaking the law but.

do curfews keep teenagers out of trouble or do they unfairly interfere in young peoples lives.

teenagers in the streets are a big problem. because they dont have protection in they streets, and they need a family also the family can be help to get new life for example, they can work after school and get money and they can save for the future the council can help the poor teenagers he can make house and he can give to the teenagers and he can pay for a security and they can feeling safe in the house.

many families dont have kids and they can adonp a kids the council is debating the adoption but he can do more for the teenagers because he has a lot power in the city he can talk with the other city and explain what happen with the teenagers but they do know what happen the council show some picture about the plant the he have.

i think the council have the power and he can help the teenagers because he know the problem some family abandonment the kids in the streets that why that teenagers are adopted with the new families and they protect the kids and they can get better future and the council will be good person and everyone will be say good think about his be the hero of the teenagers

Do you think debating the adoption is good way for the teenagers. But you can talk with the council about that problem, and he can get a good reason teenagers can be happy about that. if the curfew is adopted, teenager on the streets after those hours would breaking the law but.

do curfews keep teenagers out of trouble or do they unfairly interfere in young peoples lives. but he need help to the other person because the need idea to explain and he need follow the law because if he break the law he need to.          