I think it's a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age. Sometimes students find it hard to decided what they want to be in future. Students learn more about what they want to be in future during school hours and doing what their enjoy. I also think students should choose their career based on what they can do best, For example some students are really good with computers and their not really sure what their going to be in future; Therefore learning more about computers can help the student decided whether to work with computers or not.

One reason why it's a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age is students can learn more about what they want to be in future. For example, If a student wants to be a doctor in the future, they can start by volunteering at hospitals and helping at retirement homes. They can also visit professional doctors that can teach them more about being a doctor. The doctors can also tell them about the class they can take to help them achieve their goals of being a doctor.

Second reason why it's a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age is students can take classes based on what they want to be in future. For example, If a student wants to be an Author and write books, they can take classes like English and Creative writing to learn more about how to write a paper and also how to write an essay. These classes can also help you to write your own made up short stories or a real life story.

The last reason why it's a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age is some students are not really good with school work but their really good with sports. Students can join a sports team or club so they can focus more on being a professional athlete. For example some students in different countries don't have the chance to go to school so they focus more on playing sports because they know their going to be able to play at a higher level in the future.

In conclusion, I think it's a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age. Students learn more about what they want to be in future at a young age. It's also hard sometimes for students to find out what they want to be in future. With the help of your Parents, School teachers, Counselors and other adults around the world, they can help you figure out what you want to be in future.