I personally agree with John Lubbock, that you can choose how your character can be, you can choose how your personality is going to be because making up your character it is your choice what you want to be. It is a choice because it determines who I am as a person, it what makes me unique from the rest of the people, and not similar.

The reasons why I agree with John Lubbock is because everything you do, everything you learn you let it effect you in a certain way or a certain form. For example, if someone hurts you in any way or form, you may wanna get revenge on the particular person, you decide if you wanna take that action or you can decide to be wise and forgive to the person who caused you harm or hurt. You have a choice to hurt the person that caused pain to you or you can just simply forgive and keep living your life. We can call this act free will, having free will we can do whatever we feel like doing and not rely on someone to tell what to do. Every single day we make important decisions that it is not just going to effect me or someone close it is going to determine who I am as a person and I show who I really am. Another example is about the life of Jesus Christ how he decided to always be good, how for helping people he became very popular and very known around the world, he stayed the same even when he was about to die, he still decided to keep being good and even forgiving the people who were about to execute him. Jesus gave us the biggest example how we can determine how are characters can be.

Also another reason why I agree is that I can relate to it in my personal life, I never knew who I was or how my character was going to be, I just knew that I can change who I am as a person. For example a few years ago I decided I wanted to learn an instrument, just for fun and not really looked into it that much, but I started to see that I liked learning the instrument so much because I heard the music I was making. It made me get into learning more instruments and just to keep learning, it is something that I chose to do because I was bored and did not have nothing to do and now it seems like that decision that I took made an effect on me that made me so passionate about music and it one thing the describe who I am as a person. Just by the simple fact that I wanted to learn music I saw that I did not quit when things got hard and I always gave it my all. But there is also moments in life that I hit rock bottom because I let it effect me, 3 years ago I lost a friend and I took it really hard because I saw that friend like a brother to me. He passed away and I let it get to me and effect me that I did not wanna do anything to keep prospering and moving on because it hit me by surprise and I saw how my character and my personality changed, I was a happy person and energetic but now I am a serious person and calm. I can control who I want to be, I can choose what is going to effect me and what is not going to effect me, I am going to change in the future I know I am, I can stay the same forever because I continue to live and experience new things.

But I also see how your characteristics was given beyond our control because we do not know how we are going to react when something happens, it can be in the moment you can get angry and just act and not even think in what you are doing and then later on suffer the consequences for the actions you took. You can also be influenced by someone bad all your life and you do not the differences between good and bad and they are just living the characteristics that people showed you. You wont be able to notice the differences you wont have a choice to change because you dont know how to. It really is a weird topic and both are correct but I am agreeing from the personal experiences that yes you can change you are and your characteristics, I have never experienced not being able to change. In my opinion you can always change your character to good or bad, it is mostly your decision in what you want to do, no one else is going to change your perspective or even mine only you can your perspective and only I can change my perspective. 