Technology is taking the must attention than the comunicacion with other peolpe. Technology allows to complete many task without having contact with other people. Algouth, people say that technology is the future of our lives. Nevertheless I think people have the reason and this bring negatives effects on people's lives, the technology is taking our comunication with other person but its true we are going foward so each day the technology its growing in to our daily lives. In this present people can check out any book they want to read, shop, and play video games without speaking with other to another person.

In the past the people could come in the librery search for a book that the person wanted to read or ask to one of the employes from the librery for help to find a book and then that person will take a seat and spend the time he want to spend in the librery reading that book, that person comunicated with someone but now in this present people don't talk to any one because of the technology. In this present you don't have to move to anywhere to read a book you can do it from your house seating in your sofa just with one clic with the computer. The technoly helop us im many ways but depends and how you are usining. I used to go to the librery and read many books but like I said before now I just read a book in my room from my tablet and I did not need to speak with any person.

Go to the shopping store and buy thing for the bathrooom, livingroom, garden, and the garage was funy in the past because you were talk with people at the store during you were serch for some items. technoly change the way how to shop because you can use your computer to shop in online even if you don't have a computer you can do it from your phone the technology change our live in many ways. Technology is taking our laughs,smile,and the opportunity to met some friend. I used to buy some food at Chipotle restaurant and I laugh when I see my working at Chipotle and that is how should have to be, not how I do now, I just use my phone to order food from the app Uber Eats and they bring my food to my door and that it.

Have fun with friends in the school,strets,and the parks it chagend thanks to the technology. This reason why technology it changed our way how to live makes me feel sad, childs in the past used to have fun with anything because technology not was to big. but that changed when parents started to buy a cell phone for thir kid thta was the most error they could do because kids doesn't have the must intelligent brain to reconize how long they spend their time in the cell phones, technology took the childhood of our kid. when I was a kid like 10 year old I used to play with my friends after school in the floor with littler cars and we inmagent that we are like pilot of faters cars it was so funy. I think our kind have to enjoy their live having fun, not spend the time with the cell phones playing games.

To conclud I thing it has limitation of human cantact due to the use of technology had negative effects on people's lives. Those negative effect could destroy our lives for just use the technoly every single minute. the comunication with others its over because the technology is taking the must time of our lives. True technology is the future of the world but keep it in main how you can use the technology and the technology don't use you.         