We are living in a world where's everyone likes to hit them self just to look cool in their community. I agree to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment because do what's makes you happy and accept yourself.

First of all, do what's makes you happy. For example every time I tell my mom I want to became a flight attendance, she says that flight attendance is not a good career for me just because she wants me to be a nurse. Even tho, I know my mom doesn't like it my career I will still do it and convince her because this career is something that I call passion . I don't see the point of trying to pleasure people if you not happy with yourself and you not being yourself that's may be kind of frustrated. Furthermore, being yourself is being honesty with people around you. Keep yourself and people will admire and respect you just the way you are.

Second, accept yourself. For example, I have seeing Muslims girls in my school that since they came to America, their live change too( the way they how they dressing and acting) because of something that people call influence. I don't believe in influence i believe that people have the right to make their own chooses. No matter how hard it, no matter what people will say because people always have something to say to make you feel bad even when you are doing fine. Be yourself is the greatest accomplishment.

Some people say sometimes you have to be someone else to be in the same level as the people around you. But do you really have to be in the same level as the people around you? I don't think so because everyone is different, by the time you doing what makes you happy instead of make people happy is the a great accomplished. Therefore, be yourself brings real people in your life such people who really appreciate the way you are.

In conclusion, I strongly agree that be yourself in the a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment, because you are doing what makes you happy and accept yourself. It's kind of hard to keep yourself but it's not impossible.