i think it's a good idea to have a afterschool homework clube because you can get your homework done early, can also get more support and to get your grade up. afterschool is the one thing that you will need for you life in high school and for middle school and it not that hard to go and get support or to get you thing done or get that low grade to a high grade .

the first reason i think it's a good idea to have a afterschool club is because you can have your work done earlier then everyone else and don't have to worrie about it getting done late. most peole think that it's a good idea to get the work done at the last day but it's not because there is not that much time to finish it. i belive that if you can get your work done early then life will be not stressed. i use to do all my homework at the last miuint and i hated it because i trund in the work late and i never have a "good" grade so i would make myself try to do the homework ealy and i got us to that the longer i did it and now i doing my homework at less the day i get it or the next day and it not that bad because you don't have to worrie or stresse out if you did it or not and that will teach your body how to deal with problem and that good for next year or just ingenural for life.

the second reason i think it's a good idea because you can get more advice and suppport if you stay afterschool and i think that's good because some teachers teach fast of they don't explian a lot so it can be hard for some students to learn or unstand thing. some students think that it's better if students ask more qeoustions and to talk to the teacher about the speed of how the teacher teaches he's or her's class . i think it's unfair when you ask the teacher a simple qeustion and they say " you would know if you were paying attion in class" even tho you were paying attion. if student are having troble theen i think they should talk to there teacher about that. i just think that if you stay after then there will be more explining to do. then people stay for afterschool they just think it time to talk and it's not because teacher are there to help you and you are there to help yourself .

the last reason i think that it a good idea is because if you have a bad grade in that class and you want to fix it then staying afterschool is one of the ways to fix your grade and staying one day is not going to fix your grade you need to stay more then once to at less get a higher grade then what you have. there are many diffrent ways to get your grade up like fixing NHI, or turing in all the homwork and many more so when you stay after school that is your chance to at less get your grade up or fix the grade. most of the time you can get points for even coming and thats at less 3 point that pops up your grade 3 point and if you trun that assiment in you will have a good grade in a few week beause some teacher have to grade other stuff it might have to take a little longer then usaul.