To conserve energy and sources, some businesses have adopted four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. Should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? No, i am no agree with that because that is to much work and that can be a lot of work for your brain. Also that can affect you in the feature with any disease.

Some people think that is the same thing the only difference is that you have one day off. But that is not mean that they can conserve energy and sources. They do the same thing and that is a bad idea, because they have to think about the students also that can frustrate the students doing work every four days per ten hours. The benefit of that is that you have a day free for do other thing like homework.

In facts, there is so many ways to conserve energy and sources, because that is a benefit for the companies. They would earn more money, but the thing is that the personal who is working with any of those businesses they are working very hard;however, in the school are cases of the students who works after school and that idea of expend two hours can affect their jobs, because many times they work like four or five hours and they leave early because they know that they have to do the homework. In case that they leave more late of school they may feel tired of know that they have to work and do more stuff, their brain can got tired too. Because not always have an opportunity that their parents can buy all the things that their child needs.

To conserve energy: is something that we use in the school and that is necessary for homework not always we need energy for a homework but we used most of the times, because today the technology is advanced. We know that the things are not easy but we always try our best, but not for that we are gonna study or work ten hours each day.

Resources: is important because we need, money, energy, and products like food. Study two more hours each day then the normally that can affect like a students and teachers.

In conclusion, two hours difference can be a benefit, because you have a one extra day off, but it is more hard study more hours than normal, but all your work always has a positive thing. Also are other ways to conserve energy and resources because just for that you have to work or study more than you normally do. In the future that can affect you with any disease or any other thing. There is some benefits and disadvantages, but we can do all that we need to do or all that we have to do.                                                    