Highschool is a big step in the growth of students. The step from middle school to highschool is a very diffecult one. As kids start to grow older there minds also change and sometimes the dreams they had of becoming someone or something is different in highschool.

Many young students in highschool don't really know what they want to be when they get older. And sometimes highschool forces kids to try to find the job or jobs they want to do when they get older. I feel like as a highschool student my self, and as an 11th grader I still don't know what I want to be when I am older. I feel like for young adults like me school isnt the only thing they have in mind. For example, I have a lot of out of school activitys that take away from always just focusing on school. Also for highshcool kids relationships can be a hard. They take up all your time and they also make you angry and stressed. And that can also take away from learning and your future as I know very well myself.

As young adults, Students that don't really have the ropes done in our day to day life in highschool I dont think commiting to a career in highschool is a good idea. I think schools should be teaching kids about different jobs and fields they might want to get into. But I dont think forcing kids to make there choises in highschool is something teachers should be focusing on. Instead they should be focusing on how different students learn in others ways. There are always kids that can learn and achive everything by just sitting in a class room and listening to a teacher talk. And there are the kids that can't just learn in a class room. The kids that have hard time at school becasue they have disabilities.

Teaching students in highschool to be succesful is what highschool need to do. I feel like schools mainly focus on getting kids to collage and what not. But some students dont want to go to collage or even get a job durring or even after school. I feel like school should help students become successful in school but not drive them towards anything. Meaning students should feel free to do what ever they want after highschool. And it all starts with teachers asking kids what they want to do when they grow up. And a lot of students dont even know what they are going to do in the next 2 months to come.

Sometimes collage is not what everyone wants. For me I want to take a gap year right out of highschool. And go play soccer somewhere. In my highschool days so far, Highschool was always been hard and its a big step from middle school. The teachers are not really on you as much as they were in middle school. So it makes u feel like u have more time for yourself. And its good in some ways becasue it teachers u how to be indepentent. But also as teachers give u more lead way students become more likely to do worse. They think its just easy to skip classes and not get in trouble. So for me everything that i have explained makes choosing a career during highschool really hard.

All in all students should feel like they have the fredom to do what they want when they are at the later years of highschool with out the burden of everyone around him or her telling them they have to go to collage or that they have to choose a career when they are in highschool.

I think Making studetns choose a career when they are in highschool is not something schools should be focused on. They should be focusing on having kids grow and not having them choose there careers at a young age. 