The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had a positive effect on peoples, because it has made everything so easy to do like Jobs, Schools, Colleges, homework staying in contact wiht others, almost everything now a days is used by technology.

Looking at the bright side technology has been so developed that a few years looking back into the past was done by hand, like writing stuff out, sending letters and mailing from one place to another, all of it was so difficult but technology has made peoples life much easier. With a touch of a button everything is done wihtin seconds, Yes not days, hours, but seconds, thats how fast technolgy is.

Talking about technology, here are some great things on how technology has a really positive impact. Schools, Colleges, Buisnesses, Restuarants, Libraries, almost every place you'll go to is using technology, weather its inside or outside e. g a fast food place is using technology for taking orders of theirs customers as well as a display of their menu showing what they serve. While on other hands kids, teenagers even adults are having the use of technology by communicating through texting/messaging, emailing school work, playing games, doing online shoping as well as cheching out books.

Students are encourged to use the lack of technology to do homework, like projects, presentation, this doesn't just help the students to save time but to learn new skills, as well as stay in contact with what is going around in school, activities, upcoming work, meetings and so on.

Technology has been so developed that it has a really big impact on the living life style of people, because the reality is that technology has changed "us" the world. It impacted us on how we do stuff, like our behaviour, educated talk, knowledge and the way people think. If it wasn't for technology their wouldn't have been so many movies, of the industry not rising, the quality. Also it gave artists to show their talent and make the world a better place, as far as concerning this world would've been dead, so depressed and sad, nothing would have chnaged.

Talking about the change, through technology came social media, which looking through some perspectives spread rights, e. g women rights, same gender marriage and also which their once used to be bullying but not anymore. All these are things that if going deep into what technology has given us. Saying of that no technology, no development, no social media, no kindness or friendness over people across the globe, technology also helped improve travelling, made it easier for travellers to communicate and find help, getting to visit new places and so many more. Thanks to technolgy for all these great benefits.