I disagree, to have one and a half hour added to our school hours. It would cause stress and angry, to students and teachers. Teachers would have to stay longer at school to grade papers. Students would get hugry and sleepy and have less tie to play.

If the school board plans to add a hour and a half hour to school, then students would try to stay home. Students would try to miss the bus and try to get sick if theirs a test or anything that seems underwhelming. Students would get low grades if theirs a lot of homework and less time to do it, they would just not try to do it. Teachers would get more paper work from students and try to make plans for the students for them to learn a easy way, so it wont make extra work for all of them. Students would have less time to practice from sports or other actives if theirs more homework and if they are failing a classes and get kick of the team if they play a sport.

Students would be starving more if they dont eat breakfast, because they dont have time. Students go to school at different times so they wake up different times as well, and dont get time to eat or make something later. Students would bring food to school and would leave trash, and its extra work for other people who have to clean it. And when school over they would have less time to have something fun to do. Students would sleep and not do home work and not do their chores or stay up to do homework or study and play games. They would have less time to eat and not have the energy to wake up and get ready for school and to stay awake at school.

Teachers would stay longer at school, to do the extra work, and miss important things that they have to attend. They should get paid more to stay longer and deal with kids. Teachers would get stress and try to deal with the kids that cause trouble and distractions in the classroom. They would get more strict and angry. Its bad for them since their getting older and it can cause some health problems and probably would retire because of that.