The amazing Duke Ellington said "A propblem is a chance to do your best". This is actually good advice becasue if you or someone messes something up its your time to do your best to fix it. You can actually help people out by telliing people nice things you can make there days better. These words can help people in general. These words of wisdom can help humans become better people and have better personallitys and be better example to humanity.

Being part of something, for example messing up and trying your best to fix it and help out that can make you a better person. You can inspire people by just saying a couple of words like help people out and you will feel better. If you help people out maybe one day you might get that help back and relize that and maybe you become more of a better person and just by greating people and making there days you can make them become better people. It's like treat peple the way you want to be treated. It's the exact samae way help out so people can help you out aswell. Just try to be a better person like Duke Elliington.

I agree with Duke Ellington because if you screw something up boom theres your chance to fix it and make it better. Yoyu can fix a lot of things that way. this can make you a better person but not just that. This can help you learn from your mistakes and make sure you don't do them again. trying to become a better person can be a challenge to people but if you just act nice you can get used to it and learn how very quickly. It's like riding a bike you try but fall but don't give up just yet. Take Oprra Winfree's advice as she said "try, try again". just keep trying and you will learn it eventually. It's not hard you just have to keep your head up all the time.

The more you keep trying the motre you will get the hang of it and be better. If you keep trying the more you will learn. the more mistakes and you try to fix them that can also help you become a better person that way. Just keep your hopes up and never give up. the more learning the better you get. and if you get better and still need some understanding jsut ask for help that way you can help others aswell. Like I said before just keep trying and never give up and be happy and nice.