This essay is about some schools offer distance learning as an option for the students attend classes form home by way of online or video conferencing , I think some students would benefit from take classes by their houses, because some students work in the night this is a problem for the students who working in the night because the school start 7:30 this is to early for some students because they work and they don't sleep well.

Example one is about my friend he work after school sometimes he work between

5 to 12 and he after this he need to wake up at 5 for go to the school , I think this is heavy for him because he always is tire in the first class because he can sleep well in the night , but he need to graduated from high school because this is the only way he can have a better life. Many students in high school work after school , I think this program can help they because they can continue working and they can sleep more , this can help they to have a better grades because they can sleep more because sometimes they have a bad grades because they don't have the time to do the homework and the study for the test .

Example 2 is about the many girl in high school are pregnant , this program can help this girls because I see many girls don't want to return to high school , when they are pregnant because when they're pregnant sometimes people say bad thinks about they ,because they're to young for have a baby. but with this program they can take the classes from their houses .This can help they to graduated from high school because this is a better way to completed their classes , cause sometimes many girls decide to continue in the normal schools but when they have the baby they can not to continue because they need to take care for the baby. but with this program they can finish their classes.

For my conclusion this is a good idea because they can help many students who have some problems . because they can finish high schools , because they don't have time because sometimes they need to work. but with this program they can help this students because this is a good idea for help this students . because they can benefit if they take the classes from their houses.