Let's be honest, can you really accomplish a goal, without doing something for it?. Many people think that you earn, what you have work for. For example, If we work and work hard for what we want to accomplish, we would earn experiences, would become more mature, and would learn how accomplishing something would make you more successful in life.

I know that majority of people just want to relax and just don't do anything. that's great, but by not doing anything all the time, you would not earn experiences that could helped you later on, in life situations. In the other hand, By doing something not matter if is small or large. could helped you learn experiences that could helped you in a hard life situation. For example, I took first aid class, last year in a nursing school, and one day a car accident had just occur just were i was. I saw that the person that just have the accident needed first aid help. So for taking this first aid lessons i was able to helped the person that needed help. What had it happen if i didn't know what to do at this situation. At this situation i learn that simple things can make a big change.

By doing simple things you become more mature. The Marjory of people say if you do many things your brain would get more mature, and would understand things much better than people who don't do anything. For example, if we make a illustration on both types of persons. to see who knows how to handled better, simple life situations, and obviously the people, that had always being doing something are going to know how to handled better the types of situations. I strongly, believe that more you do that more mature you are.

Thirdly, by always doing something it would help us become a successful person in life. Obviously, is hundred percent proven, that the more you do the active you are and the active you are the smarter you become. For example, if you are not active you would not learn as a active person is learning. Occurs, you would find situation really hard when you haven't learn anything and done any of the stuff the active person's has done. In the other hand, the active people are going to find everything much easier than the inactivity people. As well not going to have any problem doing it. so i consider you to try to always do something that at the end you would feel proud to have accomplish it.

In conclusion, inactivity is a nice thing to do. obviously, you get to relax and do what you want, But is not as well as to be always doing something that at the end it will award you with accomplishments in earning experiences, becoming a more mature person, and making you a successful person in life. With this three things you have made a huge change towards your rest of your life. Obviously, inactivity is never going to allow you to accomplish something important in your life. as a person that is always active and doing every type of thing he or she likes to learn and that would help them improve their lives.                    