Thomas Jefferson said "determine never to be idle." What he means is that people should not just sit there and do nothing for their whole life because it won't help them accomplish their goals. Some people say doing something serves a purpose. Others say that inactivity also serves a purpose. Doing nothing at all is a bad choice. The best option to serve a purpose is to actually do something by helping others and the world then staying idle and not doing anything to help others.

First, the reason why Thomas Jefferson said that people should never be idle is because he wants to change their lives forever. Another reason why people should take this advantage is that if people don't do any activities in their life, then they won't be able to achieve their goals in the future. Most people will say this, "doing something serves a purpose because it could help other people get their work done." It's good to start doing activities at a younger age because they will be able to experience it and get used to it later on. Also, doing activities can help them gain more respect and they could get famous. It could be too late to start doing activities when they are older, but people just have to think of what they are going to do to fix it.

Next, most people will say that they don't know what activity they should do. For example, i didn't want to do any activites like other people did so i went and did karate for 4 years. A year later I started to swim every Saturday and eventually I have been getting better. After that I started to go to the gym from Monday through Thursday every single week. It's not too late to start an activity at a younger age, but for an older age it could be. The people just got to work hard if they want to achieve their goal, but the only way they could do it is if they can believe that they can do this.

In addition, other people think that not doing any activity serves a purpose. They say that because they think their parents do most of the work so they don't have to do any of it. Also, there are people who are just lazy and don't care about their life. Others think that doing activities doesn't really achieve their goal in the future. Most people just don't know what they want to do in life.

Lastly, Thomas Jefferson doesn't want people to be idle for their whole life because he wants to help them do activities that they think its interesting. Another reason why people should take an advantage of this, so when they are young, they will understand of what is gonna happen in their future, and then as they get older, they will have full potential by doing it. Also, it will help them and other people get the job done. They will not have to struggle in their future. The thing about activities is to never give up, even if they mess up its ok, they just need to practice and practice nonstop.