Some schools offer an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Schools think that it is a benefit that help students who don't want to go school or if they have diseases, they can't go schools. Taking classes in home or schools have some similar benefits but not overall benefits.

Although, I think taking classes from home have benefits and not because some students have health problems and it is not a benefit because students can't learn good like in school.

At first, taking classes from home can be a benefit because it helps students who have health problems like students that have problems to walk or different disease. Also, for students that their parents don't let them to go for problems. For example, if students who have arthritis, they can't go to schools because they can't walk. It would be better for they because taking classes by online or they can make a video conferencing with a tutor. They can learn about all classes they want to know and it would be a benefit for their future because they will get a diploma that will be help for them. Also, it can be a benefit for students that had problems in schools like fight with others students. Those students can take classes in home with help of someone or by online. In this way, they can get help and learn things without go school.

Moreover, I think it is not a benefit for students who don't want to go schools because if they don't like the schools, they will be doing whatever they want because there won't be a teacher who tell them what to do; and they can't learn good because there are no one who explain them the class. There are many students who don't speak English and they don't want to go school but they want to learn. For example, I can't speak English so good because I am not a native American, so if I don't want to go school and want to learn the language, taking classes from home would be hard for me because in home I will learn slower than schools because in schools are many people speaking English and in home I just hear one time at day. It better if I hear English the most of the time because I can learn so fast because I will make friends to help me. For me, taking class in schools is better than home because now I go to school and it is hard even if I go to school. I am improving the language with help of teacher and friends.

In conclusion, taking classes from home is not a hundred percent a benefit. It just have some benefits for some students. For some students taking classes from home is hard because they don't learn too much. Overall, if I take classes in home or school,

it is something relevant because even if I am in one or anther place, I am learning something. It is not a thing of other world. It is just for students that have the purpose to learn and be someone in life. Going to school help me to improve my life each day. Each day, I can learn something new and now my language is improving because I have people who want to teach me and I am a stronger person because no one can laughing of me because I am learning. 