life most important matter is when we make decisions for success or failed. The thing is when you make the right decisions which is a good thing however when we make the wrong thing. However we as Human learn from the mistakes we did wrong and try not to make it again and to do it better. Like for some instead when we have to trust your self for it to happen. In the way at People at think want guidance for some one it may be good or bad which sometime is must be good to have it when we need it in a bad time.

I think people should decisions for there own. Also to believe there self because nobody know you like you know your self .For example how would you know what is inside if the people mind and for you try to help him or her. Some people have to believe there self and have good faith and Am sure is going to help you to solve all your Issue.

In this world we live in people don't care about you they only care there self and money,family. For instead if you fail people think at they are better then you at is why nobody would never try to make you better person .All people these Days only care about there safe and money,family. At is why i choose to make my own decisions and if i failed i am going to try it again to i be better what i do. I have min reason to think at most people don't care about people.

For the people who choose to go seek with someone. I understand what it feels like to be. however i think they should talk with there self first and tell your self. What i am do wrong and how can i make it right and what i need to do so you can learn it. Your self because people are not going to be with you when you need them or for there to ask them for life important matters. At is why you should decision life matter's for you in do the right thing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               