Hello Mrs. Generic_Name my name is Generic_Name,I am from Generic_City, I used to live in Generic_City but, now I am living in Generic_City a pleasant and espectacular city. I go to school every Monday to Friday it is my last year of high school so I am exited to graduate. I am 18 years old I am the last of my three brothers Generic_Name,Generic_Name and, Generic_Name that have growth next to me and had gave me very fun and good moments.

I honestly feel that I good person who likes to help everibody. For example, when I was 13 years old I remember going with my dad to the auto garage where he spent working the last hours he had free. I always was looking at him and, paying atention at everything he was doing to learn and memorize because I really enjoyed helping my dad.

Mrs. Generic_Name I want to say that I am interested and, lookig for any work that could be available for me but, first I would like to visit you, to explain me and learn about your business. I told him if we could have an interview the next day, that was going to be Thursday at 9:00 a. m. The interview was necessary, like that we were going to be able to talk about what he need on his companie and, what I was looking for.

I went to Mrs. Generic_Name's companie for my interview. I was nervous, this interview was very important for me it was the day where where I could be selected for Mrs. Generic_Name. WHile he fineshed asking me some questions, he gave me two options to choose. option number one was, working at night for 25 dollars per hour and option number two was, working at day for 20 dollars per hour. I choosed option number two, working at the day for 20 dollars hour. I was very happy with my new job. Mrs. Generic_Name is a good person, he selected me and now I am very grateful with him.

As I said Mrs. Generic_Name I think my services will be very help in your companie,I am very exiced to start working for you and I now it will be a big pleasure for me.

See you the next week Mrs. Generic_Name, have a wonderful day.