Are first impressions impossible to be changed? It has been said that they are almost impossible to change. Most people tend to agree with this statement, but what if they are wrong? I personally disagree and believe that there are ways to make impressions change. It's all about giving the person the opportunity to show and see who they really are.

First impressions are judgments we made before getting to know the individual. These impressions can be on favor or against the person being judge. Thinking on ways to make these impressions change, I have found some good ways and these can be; getting close to the person, asking to their close friends about them, asking teachers or other adults. All this based on my life term experiences.

Getting close to the person meaning; talking to them personally, this could make a big change on the impression been transmitted the first time you saw the person. By talking to the person you will find so much things and probably things of your interest. When talking to a person you are making judgments in your head, but your mind always changes from what you thought this person was before.

Asking to their close friends about them is a risky but also a good idea. Their friends know them better and can provide a good opinion on them. When asking their friends, you should make a comparation on all of their opinions, this would help to know this person's circle. Social circles are very important and most of the time define a person's being. Knowing this person's circle will change that first impression on their social side.

Asking teachers or simply community adults will help a lot to change that first impression. Maturity level is something we always judge when comes to impressions. Teachers will tell you what is this person attitude at school. Community adults will tell you how does this person behaves on their everyday living. Whether you find it positive or negative, opinions definitely make the first impression change.

People say that first impression only last a very short moment, therefore it can't be change because it's just flash judgment on a person. On the other hand we have people like me that believe that as long as you have not contact with that person's circle, you are still in the first impression and it can be change. Getting to know an individual, Talking to their friends, and others adults' opinions are all first impression changers.

Overall first impressions are possible to be change and we need put these steps on play. If we would to follow these steps we would not be hating on each others and will live in a better world.