Parks are very important because it can change your mood for example if you are having a bad mood you can go outside to the park and see all the kids playing and you can run around with them.

When my little brother is crying or not having a good time my mom takes him to the park and he plays and he runs around and be happy. There are a lot of kids that gets bored being home all day and not going outside for some activities like running around play in the swing . A lot of kids these days don't go outside to the parks because of technology kids these days play on their iPod or iPhone and watching TV. I don't think it's health for kids to be home all day and not going outside and not enjoying their childhood.

When i was little in my country there wasn't a lot of parks there so i use to just go outside and play around. kids find parks activity enjoyable because if they go outside their mind will open and be more motivated to play or run and play and thing like soccer and ext. even though in my country they weren't no parks we would just go outside and playing many things like playing jump rob playing tag or anything that was related to exercise .

These days kids really need to be outside and play around because my brothers always be playing on their phones when my mom asks them to go outside they don't go outside because of they want to play on their phones and play games which is not health or their mind my mom always straggle with tell my brothers to go outside but when we were in my country we didn't had any iPod or phones because that time we were litter like 6 years old so that time my mom didn't even had to tell my brothers to go outside because they always use to be outside no matter what they would come home like in the evening when it was getting darker outside. Now i barely even go outside i go to school and when i come back i just be on my phone and not go outside to the park or anywhere because i be on my phone. I think it's not good because kids need to enjoy their childhood and get these memories back when they get older. i think someone wIll enjoy going to the park because they will be open minded and think or things like play in the playground run around and just explore things like being home all day can make you feel sick uncomfortable and lazy. On the weekends when i be on my phone all day i just be like why did they day went so fast but there are some weekends when i go outside with my family and enjoy being outside i do enjoy being outside but only if someone is with me like my friends or my moms friends. last summer my aunts and my mom we all use to go outside and walk to go the park and enjoy life but now we just stay home but sometimes go outside.

Shold kids go to the parks and enjoy their childhood or should kids stay home and be on their ipods? 