Failure play's an important part in your life and it also lead you to success. why would many people thinks that failure lead you to success?. Well failure is one of the things that help you look back at yourself, so that you can start asking yourself questions that matters and that will help you succeed. You cannot survive in this world without you failing, or you having some kind of trouble that want to make you give up. The reasons why I agree with Churchill's statement is, because school, parents, and your career are things that help and give you hope, so that you can succeed.

The first things that play's an important part and you need in life is Education. School teach you things the hard ways and by you learning it the hard ways, help you fix your mistake in a better way. Your school work is what going to lead you to your success and your next journey in life. Without your education, it will be hard for you to succeed, or to even think about what kind of experience you could've have and what kind of person you could've been. You failing is teaching you how life is, what your next journey can be, and how much effort that you going to put into it. For you to succeed you have to fail, so that you can actually grow up, learn how life goes, and learn from your mistake. Education help you succeed in a better, clean, and a proper way.

The second thing that's important and that you need in your life is your parents. They advise you of how they were able to succeed, have a family, and how failing is a bless, because you get to learn from that. Your parents support you in the good moments and also in the bad moments. It is when other people are supporting and giving you advice other than your parents, because you going to have to choose if it a good advice or a bad one. That is why when you happen to have any of your parent supporting you, or giving you advice, you should be greatful. Some teenagers loose hope and their confident when they're failing, because they have no support, no one to give them advice, and they're lonely with no parents. That is also why your parents play an important role on your success even though, you keep failing.

The third thing that helps you see things clearly and that challenge you, is your career. when you have a career, or want to have a career, it is where you going to start making mistakes. By you having a good career and want to keep it, but you keep failing actually help you learn how to succeed. You having a job helps express yourself, more mature, and it help you learn how to challenge yourself, so by you doing that, leads you to success. You challenging yourself, help you see a better and a more challenging person. Your career help you stand up for your mistake, challenge yourself, and fix your mistake.

Most people would think that failure leads you to success and fewer people would think that failure leads you to giving up. "Success consist of going from failure without loss of enthusiasm." They might think that it is peoples opinion, because why go to school when you can succeed the dirty way. What these people think is that their succeeding, but what they don't know is that their keep failing over and over again. Playing it the dirty way is not you succeeding, but it is you proving to yourself that you keep failing. That is why failure play an important role in pursuing your success.

I agreed with Winston Churchill, because success does consist of you failing. The reasons why I agreed with

Winston Churchill is, because Education, parents and career are important things and people that helps you succeed. By you failing thesempeople and things are the one's giving you advice and help you be more self assured. Everyday in this life you're challenging yourself with new things and these things, are things that you need to keep doing, so that you can succeed. You will never be successful unless, you failed.  