Someone who is constantly doing something can accomplish more? Or does inactivity also serve a purpose? This brings me back to my middle school days, where I was failing math class. Everyday I was lazy to study. Falling asleep in class and not taking notes really wasn't the best idea. After, home from school I would not bother doing my homework. A few weeks have gone by and my grade was going downhill. I was shocked I've gotten an F but not surprised. Sitting around and doing nothing was definitely not going to get me anywhere. Bringing up the grade was the first thing I had to do. My professor Generic_Name gave me advice, she told me to practice and study. Her advice helped me improve. Weeks later, my grade went up to a B, I couldn't be any happier. Sometimes an inactive person may still accomplish something but doesn't mean we shouldn't be active people. For example, my 16 year old cousin Generic_Name on the basketball team in his high school, always missed his basketball practices and wouldn't work out, yet his team would always win games. Eventhough, inactivity can still lead you to accomplishments, being active all the time will get you further than others because more tasks may be done, you'll stay motivated, and more opportunities will be available to you.

First of all, when you get a job, your boss will not hire you if you seem like a very lazy person. Someone with a very inactive life will be seen as unmotivated and will not take the job seriously. For instance, my mom a former cook at a Mexican restaurant, once came home very tired I asked her why was she looked unhappy, her reply was that no one at work gets anything done,they ignore the boss, use their cellphones and don't know how to take orders. Therefore, she gets payed extra because she takes her job more serious than her coworkers. She told me that when I get a job not to fall in their footsteps and to stay on task because I would get fired. It really isn't as hard as you might think when it comes to completing something, the more you do the better the chances you are to accomplish.

Secondly, by even just trying and doing something, we learn more than those who decide to just give up and sit around. Sometimes we have to push ourselves to do more than we think we can. Our minds tell us we can't do it but in reality we can achieve great things but you need to know that it's not going to happen out of the blue. There is no purpose in accomplishing without doing something to get there. Determining to stay active is something we will need to consider for the rest of our lives. Inactivity never serves a purpose to us because it keeps us from achieving wonderful things in life.

Although, many people get away with their unmotivation and still get somewhere, it has no meaning. But does that mean we should just not try at all and expect to get things done? Absolutely not, never listen to those who say that because that will make you lose motivation. Overall, we are capable of achieving more by doing something than those who don't because we will have a greater chance of getting our work done, we won't get lazy, and we'll have more jobs and offers loaned to us.