Students should their cellphones for educational purpose, because the reason why they should use their phone it can make things easier for them to use it on there work. The students phone can be used as caculators for their math class. In history class the students can search for the answer and write it down on their paper. If the teacher wants to do an phone activate the students can use their phone to do that activate. The Students will be more active on their work if they had their cell phones with them in school.

In a math class the students can use their phones as caculators for educational purpose in case their actual caculator ran out of batteries. The students will have to use their phone in order to work on their math problems. The students can also use their phone to make a straight line so the students can do their work fast or running out time for their class. The teacher can give the students to take pictures on the board so they can remeber what their work is on tomorrow. Cell phones can be used in many things math class it can help students in their time of need.

In history class cell phones can benefit you if you use it right. Incase the teacher wants you to go on a cite to see which year was it that brought us here and get the answer. If theres a time when a student is about to leave early they can ask their teacher to let them to take picture of the board so the student can write down on their notebook. The teacher can also bring in a fun activate thats related to their class and the students phone so they can play kahoot. If the student wants to know whats happening around the world they can look on CNN 10 for answers. Cell phones can be a real benefit for the students if they given the ability to use their phone for educational purpose.

People might have some disagree meants with the use of cell phones. They might think that it's an distraction for students when they use it. The students need to read books so they can actually get the answers. Some other people might say that cell phones can cause some cheating for their quizzes or test. The that their are some people might say that, not all students can be that way.

In conclusion cell phones should be used for educational purpose so the students can be more active when they are on their phones. If the teacher allows the students to use their cell phones it can bring a lot of interactions with the students. The students can education can be improved because of the use cell phones. The use of cell phones can make school a little bit more fun. The students will be excited when it comes to usuing their phones kahoot will be great the students use it.         