There are all different types of people with different types of skills or talents. But I will say that my skill is very unique and different, My skill is being responsible and the way the I use it is telling others the truth and I get shown respect and get trusted by others.

In addition to the beginning, a way I use my skill of responsibility is at home. Every child would love if there parents trusted them to go places for example, My mother, My mother is a strict parent and when i'll ask her to go somewhere with friends, all i'll get is a no. But I decided that my mother would like to see something from me, so I started to help around the house, and take care of my siblings more often. She started to notice and trust in me more, and I received what I always wanted and that was her trust thats a use of responsibility.

However, a way I developed my responsibility and gained it was from school. Another example was last year, I was really flunking in school I didnt care about anything why?, well because of the people I chose to hang out with, and the actions they made affected me in a really bad way. I thought that what they did was right, so I decided to stay after school with my math teacher to bring up my grade but she told me about the things she's seen me doing in school she gave me advice to drop the "friends" I so called had but what she said was right, I started to do better in school, and focus more, I started to gain more responsibility for my actions and develop it as of right now.

Thirdly, is i've used it for job applications. for instance, I applied to work at a restaurant as a summer job and it was to help me with school for college later on, I got the job and proved to the boss that I am a responsible hard worker. Because he doubted me saying I wasn't skilled enough. and later that day I showed him wrong. Being responsible is very helpful in this way of use.

All in all, responsibility is a very big part of me. I wouldn't really be me without it, in the way I use it, it helps me with school life,outside life,and becoming mature. I will be affected by it in a positive way. So can you!, I want you to see what this skill can do to your life.                              