The majority student to take a music class , a drama class , or an art class is because they like the class , play the instruments to take , or want to know more about the class , not every student take the class because take other elective or simple no take any elective but you need the class or other elective for diploma the high school but also you not gradute high school.

My position on this is change the class and talk to your counsuler and get out the class because when the period or the school years is done you not pass the class and next year or on summer school take again the class. A lot counsuler they are not change the classes becuase they always say 'you need credit for art , music , or drama class', is fustrated for student because the counsuler not help the student that is not good. After they are not pass the class every counsuler get mad with the student becuase not pass the class. On the schhol have a lot elective no necessary take music , drama , or class that is not true , you or me take other elective , for example ,gourment food ,spanish , or other language , PE , a lot elective.

Art class ,music class , or drama class for me is bored becuse the teacher always do like her world on her head . They was to more patience and slow , that is why sometimes the class is bored and the student not like the class. Every single teacher need more motivection the student and change the materiel of the class because every years is the same materiel. For example me , I have credit for art 1 and art 2

but when I was here my counseler put me art 1

but I talk with my counseler and she was taked off the class because I have credit for this class and I don't need the class.

I never take music class becuse I am never care and want play any instruments that isn't my deal but my fother take in the school a music class, that is good for him because he is to learn more about the music and the instruments. Some people like and love singing this is one reason some people like the music class. Drama class is good because drama is important in the life you need somentimes drama on your life.

In conclusion this classes is good becuase you know more about this clases and your persolanal life. Students take your class relax and no fustrated because every class have problem , bored , confused , and a lot think, so take the class because you need the class for graduated high school and get your diploma and get out the high school. You consuler always put hurt class. Get relax and talk with you cousuler what is going on in the class. 