Control Our Characters

According to what the British naturalist and politician John Lubbock have been say, "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." Our character formed by influences beyond our control.

We should all choose to control our character because that will save us from trouble,

trust our self, and have a lot of relationships with friends.

First, we should all choose to control our character that will help to save many of us from trouble because being in trouble that very bad and many people will not talk or keep in touch with us or have any friends also. For example,

Generic_Name always many students keep saying bad stuff to him to make him fight with them, but he never care about what they say he always go to tell the security about them. He dose not want to be in trouble, that make them very angry because they are in trouble not him. That makes Generic_Name safe, and out from trouble. We have to be strong enough always and find another way to control our character to be in safe said, not being strong by fight and be in trouble. Control our character will make us trust our self.

Second,

we should choose to control our character that will make us trust our self because when we control our character we will trust our self in everything. For example,

Generic_Name works in the hospital hard to make everyone feel better, not sick one time one person was sick about to died, but she dose not cry because of that she control her character and she trust her self, So she give him a medicine and he dose not died he feel very well. Generic_Name never give up she always trust her self and she control her character with everything. We must control our character so we never give up and we can trust our self.

In the other side, some people may argue that choose to control our character will make some people think that we are sick, scared, alone. Thats true because when we choose to control our self a lot many people will think that way. However, we choose to control our character because that will make everyone want to be with us we will have big relationship with everyone. For example, Generic_Name always control her character she also has big relationship with everyone many people want to be her friends they like how she control her character. People are very likely to people who have good character and to people control their character that's why we have to control our character.

Lastly,

We all should choose to control our character to be out from trouble, to trust and believe our self, and to have a lot of friends. The result from when we control our character always we will be away from any trouble. Also, when we control our character we will trust our self in all the stuff and in anything even if it's hard. Therefore, many friends we will have while we control our character, friends do not like to have friends who is always angry dose not know what to do they like the friends who always control their character and who know everything. To control our character is not hard if we need a better life.