To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is an accomplishment, at this moment we are living in a crazy world, where horrible things happens. Many teenagers getting in trouble with drugs, they decide to do drugs because they thing that it's something fun. If you are a person that doesn't cause troubles you should be proud of youself that's a huge accomplishment.

First, at this moment we are living in a world where horrible things happens, for example some teenagers have had decide to do shooters in some school and they have killed many students that they were the future of the nation. we must have to put more attention to the kids because we don't know with who they are been friend in the school, we don't want our kid to be someone that is gonna cause a lot of damage to another family. We must have to care for a good education fot our kid so he won't do anything bad.

Second, many teenagers have decided to be using drugs because they thing that it's something fun but no it isn't. This tells us that they aren't getting a good education, if they are having a perfect education they couldn't be using drugs because that's something that does many bad things for your health it doesn't let you thing in good things you probably could have ended in doing something bad. This is a big issue because if we don't decide to stop this it's gonna get worse that what it's already.

Also, if you are a person that doesn't cause any trouble you have to be proud of youself that's an accomplishmet that should be really good recognize. Not many teenagers are so well educated right now and when people see that you are so different from anothers they get surprise, and you must have to keep going like that and try to help others kid that aren't doing great. People are going to admire you if they see that you are a really good kid, they will always are gonna be telling you good things and will also win their respect.

In conclusion, at this moment we are living in a horrible world were bad things happens, for example teenagers decided to do shooters in some schools ended killing many students. Also students deciding to get involve with drugs they care more for that than to be getting an education we must have to try to fix that, we want them to care more for their education. There are many kids that thinks different they know so well what's the good thing for them and they just focus in their education.