Personalty, I disagree that my school should follow the model by extending the school day with two hours. The school would have more disadvantages that benefits. My point of view this issue is that school decision might affect students schedule, students health and the school will create a unneeded investment that can create also a problem on parents income.

My first opinion concerning the fact why my school should not follow this model, it is the reason that would create pressure on students schedule. Most of the schools have sports teem or music band. Some teenager are included in a teem or a bad, they would need time after school to practice their passion. Taking away that time by adding two extra hours, the students will be under the pressure and will have to choose the school instead of the activities that they love. The two extra hours might create a disorientation for students schedule and students mind .

The role of students is to learn and be prepared for the future, to put pressure on a young person will give a wrong perspective of the life. Even if in the future some students would possibly have a career that include a four-days work, the school should not be like a job. Cutting one day of a student schedule would create more homework and they would be suppose to learn by themselves. If the students would be tied or they will need to do other activities, most of the student would rather prefer to stay home than go to school.

For example, in Romania, the Music schools had Friday off and two hours added for the rest of school days. For most of the students was a hard period. Being at an artistic school has already harder, students played four instruments and they tried to keep their grades up. Most of the students decided leave the school after the decision of expanding the school day was approved. However after three month the school went back to normal schedule, but the school lost a lot of students.

The second reason that I support my opinions have reference to students health. Spending a long time in the same place, students might cause eating disorder, physical and psychical pain. For a young student that have homework or other activities, would be harder to have a clear mind everyday at school. Sitting almost all day it might develops back problems and others problems.

Spend more than seven hours at school students might create a sensible body. However, a young human being should not have problems with their body.

Eating disorder can be a really big problem for students, in this days most of the young people prefers unhealthy food. At schools many of the young scholars are picky, they would prefer to skip lunch or just eat snacks and other unhealthy food. The lunch is the important meal of the day, and it happened to be at school. Students will need to eat better and the school will need to add more time at lunch .

My last reason why I degree with extending the school day it is the fact that school create unneeded investment and the parents budget will have to suffer. Even if the school have the purpose to conserve the energy and resources, adding the extra hours would be the same as a normal five days of school. The school would not conserve the energy, in fact would create a uncomfortable situation for students. School would need to invest more in a healthier food for give the protein that a young student need.

For the students that dont have a free lunch or reduced price for lunch, the parents or the guardian of the teenager will be force to pay more for their children to eat at cafeteria, and also the parents will add some extra snack or food.

With all my reasons , my opinion is that my school or other shouldn't follow this model and extending the school hours. Some people said that is a good idea to create the opportunity of a free day ,that help students to spend more time with family. However I think the school should give the opportunity for students to feel comfortable and not to be under the pressure of the time. 