Some schools require students to have a summer project to assure they continue learning during their break. People are arguing whether summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed, but some said it should be a student-designed. Although some believe that summer project should be student-designed, it should be known that summer project must be teacher-designed. Teacher-designed summer project could help students to learn while on break. Teachers has the right to conduct summer project rather the students.

Teachers know what's the best for students. Teachers can teach students to think critically so they could answer the question for their own. It also give thoughts to the students on how they should do the do the project.

For example, Mrs. Generic_Name give some question to the students so they could think critically and give answer to the project easily. Knowing what's best for the students could inspire them to do a project and can easily help them to understand and answer the particular project that would be given to them.

Teachers are more matured than the students. Teacher also has more experience than the students and it can also be a tool for students to grab an idea so they would know how or what could be the process for that project. Teachers with a past experience with the project can give or share their thoughts or discuss some details so the students could understand what would be the mechanics for that project. For example, Mrs. Generic_Name share her trip to the Bahamas and it was very educational and gives a lot of information about the Bahamas. Past experience creates an idea and it can be also the base for giving information about the project.

All the teachers has more idea about the project that they conducted. Teachers that has a lot of idea can inspire or help students to easily understand the project and where it is needed for. Having many idea of the teacher could boost the performance of the students and it will also give a way to students where they can manage to understand and construct all the possible details needed. For example, the teacher give some quote for us to get the ideas that we might need in creating details for the project. Having more idea help us to easily understand and construct details about the project.

In my opinion summer projects are helpful for us students because it give us a way to still learn while on vacation or having a break. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because it will be more detailed and many ideas will be elaborated to the students. Having a teacher-designed project can guide students on how the project should be done. Teachers can also give a lot of information that could benefit our understanding towards the project itself. Teachers gives a lot of idea before conducting a project for the students.

Before giving a project, teachers examined the project that would be given to students in order to test if they could do it or not. Teachers also give option in giving a project and they give direction clearly in order for students to understand and follow their instruction. Having a student-designed summer project also has an idea on it but sometimes it is not well detailed. In teacher-designed projects the project is being well calculated so it could be relevant and could fit the student learning. Teacher-designed are expected to be creative and also it has a full of thoughts and idea so the students could get information or an idea.

People should think that summer project could benefit the learning of the students while having a break. It is also be a teacher-designed summer projects so it has idea and lots of thought. It id being test if a student could do it or not. Teachers has many ways so the students could follow and understand a project. Having it designed on them would create ideas that could benefit the ideas of the students towards the project. It could add more answers and can help construct all the possible outline of the project. So summer project should be teacher-designed project.          