I believe that my skill is I can speak another language,Korean, fluently. Speaking another language is not effortless but the effort give pleasure that I can help other people. It is tired and hard to help other people, but assist make people glad. My ability is I can speak Korean, acquired Korean by reading the books, can use my skill usefully by teaching Korean to Korean - American and communicate and help Korean.

I developed my Korean skill by reading books often. I read a Korean book at least in a week. Mostly, it was hard to understand and I had to find the words meaning in every single time. However, I could improve my writing skills,

vocabulary skill and I could speak Korean and write logically. For example, I took World Language Exam last year, I could use the words that I saw when I was reading a book. Also, I could make my writing clearly, organize and I understood prompt very well. In addition, my parents read Korean books to me and my brother. That made me to understand and speak in Korean fluently.

I can use Korean skill very usefully by teaching Korean to Korean- American. Usually, people who were born in America but their families are Korean, and they don't know how to write, speak and write in Korean. For example, I go to the church every Saturday and help to teach Korean to the teenagers or children. It is hard but they can learn Korean from Korean school and communicate with families. For example, they become teenagers, and they can speak only English and their parents can speak only Korean. They will not able to communicate each other. They will become farther. Nevertheless, teenagers can ignore their parents that they cannot speak English.

Communicate with Korean can be useful because some Korean are immigrated to America with not enough English skills. They need help with bills, housing and information of America. If you go any stores or community center, they are having difficult because they can't speak English so they cannot understand what the owner is trying to say. If you can speak Korean, you can help them. For example, I was student ambassador which is help new students to touring the school and help them with the schedule. The new student came to our school and she was Korean and she cannot speak English. I introduce the school, and class schedule in Korean to her so she can understand about school system.

There are lots of advantages if you speak another languages. You can acquire Korean by reading books that help to improve your writing, reading, vocabulary skills. Also,teaching Korean to children or teenagers and can communicate with Korean can help people. 