Should people make their own decisions?

They should be allowed to have their own choice. Every person is quarrel because their not the same from each other when considering something carefully. Also at making a judgment or choice about it . Their well always be agreements or disagreements between decisions made from two persons that are against each others choices. People that have different opinions fail to correspond with each other. The reason why is because they don't think the same has from each other.

People who value self-reliance they define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. For example, not going to school because you had a eye surgery causing you to be in so much pain. Most decisions like this one, is the best decision you would make because it won't be easy to deal with. The only way this would be a good decision is if you are excused and you had brought in a letter from the hospital, explaining why you were absent for a week.

Therefore, people should not be allowed to make their own decisions because most of the times they are bad actions from the choices they made. What would the people with issues from making decisions is of them seeking guidance from experts and authorities about lives important matters . That well help the persons make better choices in life. For instance, staying home just to sleep more and miss school on a test day. In the moment when you hear your alarm ring, you decide you won't come to school because your still sleepy and tired. Alot of people do that now on because childerns stay up late on the phones for a long time. That causes them to not want to wake up early for school. These are bad decisions people can make and mess a lot with you and your life. These little choices could lead you to bad consequences that you would regret from. The choices made can mess up your attendance, get your parents in problems, could lead you on not being able to pass a grade, and graduate on time.

In conclusion, people should and should not be allowed to make their own decisions. At the end of the day it's their life. Many people get in things that are difficult to deal with. They will understand that making bad decisions wasn't worth it. The people that make their decisions and the one's that pick good choices should help out the people that are bad at deciding. Many people think resolving a problem with logical thoughts is not easy. After making a very horrible choice. Life is important so the result to making good choices is doing everything the right way. Living with a lot of problems from making bad decisions can effect your life in many ways like, not getting accepted at jobs, not having a place to live due to not working to pay rent. I think making a good decision is the best thing you can do to keep you going in life and happy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 