When i was a kid I remember going to all these different types of parks and having such a good time there. There were so many of them and they all were unique in there own ways. There were state parks, community parks, and national parks. When I went I would see all these different types of animals like deer or different types of birds. There were so many things to do at all these parks. The things I do when I go to the park with my family and friends is going hiking, and just going on a picnic with my family

When I go to a national, state, or community park I sometimes like to go on a hike whether thats with my parents, or with my cousins, or with my siblings its always fun to go outdoors and go on a hike. It doesn't matter if thats in the woods or even on a mountain its always fun to get some fresh air. The best feeling is when I'm all alone its kind of nice not having someone hold me back and letting it just be me and the forest even if I'm with someone I could trust its the best feeling ever, because I could just tell them all the things I'm feeling and trust them, that I'm not scared that there gonna go off and tell the next person. After, the hike I come back to my family and there the most loving and supporting people I know, but one more thing I love getting back to is the great food my family brought with them and foods my mom made and the rest of the day would be an awesome picnic with the best people ever.

When my family go on a picnic they go all out they make so many different types of foods its to the point where were not even done with one plate they bring out a new dish that would come out of know where. When my family go on picnics they have two different families with us and just my family make a lot of food but imagine two times the amount of food we make and what we bring but if your asking me thats a lot of food and sometimes there can be a mix up and people hear the wrong thing and they all bring the same type of dish and that means there would be three of the same type of rice and that's a lot of rice but if all goes smoothly they all bring different types of rice. One time we were making some food because we were going to go on a picnic with four different family and we were just about done cooking one of the dishes when we get a call from one of the families and they were telling us what they just made and they said that they made the same dish as us. We were so annoyed that they did that .moral of the story is that we ended up with two of the same dishes at the picnic.

When I go to a national, state, community park these are the things I mostly like to do. I like to go on picnic with the family. I also like to go hiking. Even though I listed these things its because they are are the first that come to mind and there are way more things to do. The reason I pick two things is because there really fun you can go hiking with friends and family and enjoy your self and you could go on a picnic with your family and enjoy your self to.