"Determine never to be idle...it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing," a quote from Thomas Jefferson, meaning the more active we are, the more we are able to accomplish. Although many would believe being active would be the obvious answer, there are reasons as to why being inactive may allow us to achieve more. By being inactive, we have plenty of time on our hands to accomplish things, we have the energy to accomplish more, rather than constantly being worked up and doing something, and we also have time to brainstorm ideas.

Constantly doing something does not give us the time we need to accomplish goals. By always have a fixed schedule or always having to do something, we feel as though we connot risk wasting any time by trying to achieve something. Having those few extra minutes out of the day can allow us to create or focus on our hobbies, which then can get us to accomplish things. For example, over the summer, my dad decided to take time out of his job to focus on his love for plants. He then decided to make it his goal to bulid a garden, by taking time out of his very fixed work schedule to do it. By the end on the summer, he had accomplished his goal; just from taking some time off.

Always doing something causes us to lack the energy we need to accomplish things. When constantly doing things and working, we are too tired to achieve anything, because we put all our energy into everthing else we do. We become fatigue and restless when constantly doing something. For example, my mother is always doing something; she goes to class, goes to work, then comes home to clean and cook. She is never able to accomplish anything because she does not have enough energy. When we constantly work, all we want to do after is sleep, rather than causing us to want to accomplish things.

By not always having to do things, we are able to new brainstorm ideas. We can brainstorm goals that we would like to accomplish. When always doing something our minds are focused on other things, rather than focusing on acheiving goals. We dont have time to sit and brainstorm when we are constantly working. Our minds cannot focus on multiple things at once, meaning it does not have space for other thoughts of accomplishments.

Even though many people think that constantly being active helps accomplish more, it is not always true. We can accomplish just as much, or even more when being inactive than always doing something. By being inactive we have the time to accomplish things, we have the energy to achieve more goals, rathan than being tired and restless, and we are able to brainstorm ideas without other thoughts in our minds to distract us.