As a daughter, sister, cousin, granddaughter, and aunt I believed that people should make their own decisions. Take individual instincts and ideas. In this paper, I will argue the importance of taking decisions with efforts and abilities. People should make their own decisions because nobody controlled , have a better future, and you can trust yourself.

First of all, take your decisions don't let no one controlled for you, You choose what to do. I identify with this,because when I get my 18 year old, I think

I have the power to do whatever I what. In my culture is not like that, our parent still have the power over us no matter what you say to them, they still take decisions over you. They say; " While you live under my roof, you do whatever I say." And I told my mom that I have to live take my own decision and if i get in some problem I will know how get out of there and be ready for the next step. I just wanna be free take my decisions and learn that life have something for me outside. She is not always is gonna be there, I have to learn how life is gonna trick me out side and yes she is my MOM I love her so much and I know she only want's to protect me not passing the same she pass thought, but she have to understand that every person have to be self-reliance.

Secondly, I think in have a better future with the decision I'm wanna take. It's not gonna be easy, but with trying nobody is gonna stop me. Everything depends on the vision you have for the future and the efforts you put on your goals to get there. In one thing, I always will thankful for is the world that my grandpa say to me when he was a life, He said that " Never stop what you love and for you future, fight for it and if you get stuck some where keep going don't stuck on the hole." He never stop believing in me, he always by my side. So now, every day the pass though my eyes I always have that words in my mind. Taking decision for a good and better future is not bad is something that someday you gonna feel proud to yourself.

Thirdly, Believed in yourself take risk and stuck somewhere because you have the answer to get out of there. Something you gonna feel that nothing care that you just wanna give up, but is not that like people behind you believe in you and you have to too. In a lot of my causes, I feel that way I think everybody those, so on one occasion I feel that I just wanted to be dead because a was passing stuff that i do not wish to anyone, and a when bad in school, in my life I went down completely and I find someone to help me family, friends, and even people who never talk to me. It feel like weird in the beginning but then everyone around me supporting and believing in me help me to get out of the darkness I was passing though. Not everything can do it yourself something you need some help and you came back be the person you believe into and take a better and super decision.

To conclude, I strangely believed that making your own decisions is more beneficial than from expert because it make people believe an their self, have better future, and control about their life. 