First at all. I think that had a four-day school week sound good. I would like to have a four- day week and if is for a good cause is even better. By changing the daily schedule and add two more hour. We are going to help the environment conserving the energy. Adding this two hour we are going saving a day of energy waste. And if that can help why we don not tried?.

Contribute to conserve energy and resources to help the environment, and reduce the waste and contamination is always a good idea. Yes, we should follow this model and extend the school day two hour more. One day of energy that we save is not going to help just us, is going to help many people around us too. But this change can cause son benefits and disadvantages for the students too.

Having a four-day a week can be favorable and cannot be favorable for many students. Why can be favorable? can be favorable because some student would like to have just four school day. not matter if they have to stay two more hour in the school. They are going to have one more day off to have fun and relax. Also can be favorable because the students can work more with the teachers. Adding a extra time to the classes it's will help that the students focus more in the topics and get all the work done and do not have too many homework.

Why this change cannot be favorable? cannot be favorable because a lot students like me that have a part time job, we cannot be able to arrive our job on time if we change the normal schedule . This change of four-day school week is going to mess up our personal schedule and cause some trouble to us. This new change also can affect the learning process of many students because they already are familiar with the normal schedule. Adding this two hour and having a school day left in the week, can make them low their grades and difficult them to have all the work done.

Four-day school week can help and save many hour of energy waste. For example just think about one day for week not sound like is it too much, but doing this for a moth or for a year can really make a difference. This time that we can use to benefit our community and conserve our natural resources because waste energy can damage other natural resources that are necessary for us to live like a water.

In conclusion I think that not just my school can do this. Many other school can start with this model too. More businesses and people of our communities also can contribute to this cause. If more people get together more we can do to save and conserve energy and our resources because is our responsibility to start making a change, a change that is going to benefit all of us. Just think that one day can make a big difference.        