First impression can change. Most of the times they do change. It's rare for someone to act the same once you've met them because eventually they change. Nothing really is the way it seems to be. When it comes to first impression its always important to act a certain way. Everything changes , people change, things change eventually.

When it comes to first impression people always change. Sometimes when you meet someone they always want to seem kind to the other person for them not to think anything bad of them but good. When you go into a job interview you want to dress appropriately, you also want to act appropriate, and respectful with the other person when that may be out of your comfort zone. Some people can change in a relationship they act all sweet at first but then one day they'll just switch up on you and act different and be different from when they first met the person. Most of the times thats always the case people just act different from what they got in their first impression.

Nothing seems like the way it should be. Meeting people is nice but from what you can gather from the first impression is not always enough. I've met people who have thought i was mean because of the way I looked that was their first impression on me but then they said when they started to actually have a conversation with me and actually talked with me they realized that I was really nice and not mean. Thats the thing about the first impression it always changes. People can look at certain way but act completely different. I like to dye my hair different colors some people find that intimidating because of how I look but i'm a nice person I love to meet people and talk but it may not look like I do.

Meeting people is an important thing in life. Everyone is always meeting people which means first impressions matter. When you meet someone you dont want them to hate you, you want them you like you. You have to act nice and polite even if you are not in the mood to be nice or even if you're the meanest person you have to be respectful with others around you. You change the way you are most people do it and dont realize that they do change from when they first were with the other person. I've met friends who i thought would do good for me in my life because of my first impression with them but turned out to be toxic and bad for me. When you see a rose it beautiful, it has a beautiful color to it, it smells good bur when you want to grab it there are thorns and it hurts you.

In conclusion things arent always the way it should be. Everything changes , First impressions always changes it's possible. It takes times to sometimes notice the change but people do change from there first impression .